34974957	Insights on Surya namaskar from its origin to application towards health	+	Fitness	Suryanamaskar practice is the most widely adopted sequence of asanas which has its origin from indian traditional physical training. It also has lots of variations regarding different yogic traditions of india in the modern era. The review presents the physical benefits of the practice with regards to the increasing mobility of joints  extending muscle power  and vitality with the literature reference. The physiological attributes of improving the metabolic rate  cardiovascular stimulation  and increase of respiratory capacity  improvement of mental health of the body  and proper functioning of endocrine glands were also discussed. Highlighting the yogic point of view of the benefits of suryanamaskar practice  the positive effects of suryanamaskar on puberty  menstrual cycle  and childbirth were also emphasized. We conclude from the above points that the practice of suryanamaskar is necessary not just for those who are regular yogic practitioners or spiritual seekers but for a common man  to maintain the physical  physiological  and mental health by spending very little time of their choice. If this practice is initiated to children at the age of 7 or 8 it helps grow better not only physically but also with great mental health. We propose that suryanamaskar practice could be a group activity of the family to ensure total family health. Suryanamaskar is a boon for those who want to involve in yogic practices but yet not dedicate even an hour every day. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34974957
34984089	Beard and Moustache Reconstruction	x	Sleep	Beard and moustache transplantation is in vogue now with the ever increasing demand among men. A skilled surgeon with his trained team can achieve near natural results by refining the technique further. Recent advancements in the facial hair restoration has also provided base to the novice surgeons to gain the skill while providing satisfactory results to the patient ( figs. 13 ). 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34984089
34984093	Hair Cosmetics for the Hair Loss Patient	=	Hair Care	Among the available hair relaxers  thioglycolate is the best option as it minimizes protein loss. Hairdryers and flat irons should be used with care as far as possible from the scalp skin. Hair stiffness caused by the use of topical lotions  such as minoxidil  can be mitigated if applied directly to the scalp and in combination with a leave-on product containing soluble silicones and vegetable oils. If the hair becomes dull with excessive residue  a clarifying shampoo should be used every 15 days. It is important that clinicians educate hair-transplant patients about the safe hair care routine that will follow the surgery. In the authors' experience  a safe routine consists of daily shampooing with sulfate-free products  followed by conditioning rinsing creams rich in hydrolyzed amino acids  vegetable oils  and water-soluble silicones. If dying the new hair is necessary  we recommend the use of nonpermanent dyes. Bleaching  hair relaxers  and bkt should be avoided. Traction grooming habits should be avoided at the site of the transplantation. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34984093
34994708	App-Based Relaxation Exercises for Patients With Chronic Neck Pain: Pragmatic Randomized Trial	-	Health	The study app did not effectively reduce chronic neck pain or keep the participants engaged in exercising in a self-care setting. Future studies on app-based relaxation interventions should take into account the most recent scientific findings for behavior change techniques. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34994708
35005502	Epidemiological Profiling of Mechanical Ocular Trauma and Analysis Using Proposed New Classification for Ocular Adnexal Injuries	x	Skin	The existing classification system is not optimally comprehensive; the majority of the cases could not be categorized. A more detailed framework of classification of adnexal injuries will facilitate better assessment and management. The proposed classification system offers a simple yet thorough means to assess ocular injuries upon presentation. Adoption of this more comprehensive classification that includes adnexal injuries would assist clinicians to provide optimal management and better outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35005502
35006521	Delirium in geriatric patients	x	Diet + Nutrition	Delirium is a common and serious condition in geriatric patients. Early detection is crucial for adequate therapy  with nonpharmacologic management and treatment of triggering conditions as cornerstones  whereas pharmacologic treatment remains controversial. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35006521
35010368	The Effect of Mechanical Tongue Cleaning on Oral Malodor and Tongue Coating	+	Academics + Studying	This study was conducted in order to assess the effect of reducing bad breath and tongue coating through mechanical tongue cleaning  and to assess the difference in the reduction effect according to mechanical tongue-cleaning methods. Among the mechanical tongue-cleaning methods were: removing tongue coating using a toothbrush; removing tongue coating using a tongue scraper; and removing tongue coating using a toothbrush and a tongue scraper together. The results were as follows. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35010368
35010943	Dietary Supplementation for Attenuating Exercise-Induced Muscle Damage and Delayed-Onset Muscle Soreness in Humans	+	Skin	In addition  we need to understand the differences between natural vs. purified products. We may need to take a large amount of natural products to increase the bioavailability necessary to attenuate eimd and doms. It is also important to note that natural products may contain non-target ingredients which might modulate the action of supplements. Therefore  it is necessary to pay attention not only to the amount but also to the form of products. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35010943
35010995	Nutritional Therapy in Persons Suffering from Psoriasis	+	Mental Health + Self Care	Unfortunately  no specific nutritional therapy regimens for psoriasis have been established yet. However  numerous studies confirm the positive effect of consumption or elimination of the nutrients and food products mentioned above. When planning the diet of patients with psoriasis  one should also consider co-morbidities and implement actions to prevent the diseases to which these persons are vulnerable. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35010995
35011045	Nutrition Concepts for the Treatment of Obesity in Adults	+	Mental Health + Self Care	This scientific viewpoint is a narrative review and not comparable with a systematic review but gives an overview of various treatment approaches  which should be used and combined considering the individuals‘ needs  preferences  weight status  and cardio-metabolic risk factors. All treatment approaches have to result in a negative energy balance. Independent of the weight loss concept (e.g.  intermittent fasting  low carb  low fat  drugs or  bariatric surgery)  weight loss failed without a negative energy balance. Many trends like gene-based or microbiome-based dietary recommendations still lack conclusive scientific evidence. In general  weight loss studies often have methodological limitations (e.g.  study design or duration)  leading to results not being comparable  and they therefore should be interpreted with caution. With lifestyle changes  a moderate weight loss after one year is possible. Other approaches  such as bariatric surgery  lead to greater weight loss  but are proven only for specific target groups. More research  especially by long-term intervention studies  is needed to evaluate weight loss concepts and to obtain evidence-based tailored recommendations. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35011045
35024181	Hinokitiol chelates intracellular iron to retard fungal growth by disturbing mitochondrial respiration	+	Health	These findings suggested the potential application of hinokitiol as an iron chelator to treat fungal infections. We demonstrated that hinokitiol has promising antifungal activity by interfering with iron homeostasis. Respiratory chain dysfunction caused by the disruption of iron homeostasis by hinokitiol ultimately impeded the proliferation of fungal cells. Our findings reveal the underlying antifungal mechanism of hinokitiol and support its potential application to treat relevant fungal infections  particularly those resulting from resistant organisms. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35024181
35025093	Comparison of Weightlifting, Traditional Resistance Training and Plyometrics on Strength, Power and Speed: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis	+	Fitness	Overall  these findings support the notion that if the training goal is to improve strength  power and speed  supplementary weightlifting training may be advantageous for athletic development. Whilst wlt and plyo may result in similar improvements  wlt can elicit additional benefits above that of trt  resulting in greater improvements in weightlifting and jumping performance. The current study revealed that wlt is an effective training method to improve strength  cmj  sj and sprint speed performance. When compared with alternative training modalities  wlt may elicit additional benefits above that of trt alone  resulting in greater improvements in weightlifting and cmj performance. Wlt and plyo may result in similar improvements in strength  jump performance and speed. Overall  these findings support the notion that if the training goal is to improve strength  power and speed  the inclusion of weightlifting exercises within phases of the training cycle may be advantageous to target goal-specific adaptations while also promoting the development of a well-rounded athlete. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35025093
35028169	Analysis of Trend of Studies on Microneedle Treatment System (MTS)	+	Sleep	Most of the studies related to mts focused on skin  hair  and stability. The effect of mts on hair growth and skin improvement has been confirmed  and it has been proven to have significant effects on the treatment of acne  acne scars  and hair loss in clinical practice. No serious side effects were observed during the mts treatment  and the safety assessment confirmed that it was safe for use. 1. as a result of analyzing the studies using mts according to the study type  there were 7 animal research  2 clinical trials  and 10 case studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35028169
35034128	Associations of sleep and circadian phenotypes with COVID-19 susceptibility and hospitalization: an observational cohort study based on the UK Biobank and a two-sample Mendelian randomization study	x	Phobias	Observational and genetic evidence supports a potential causal link between excessive daytime sleepiness and an increased risk of covid-19 hospitalization  suggesting that interventions targeting excessive daytime sleepiness symptoms might decrease severe covid-19 rate. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35034128
35043951	Effects of Motivational Downshifts on Specific Pavlovian-Instrumental Transfer in Rats	x	Health	Collectively  our rodent findings indicate that major effects of various motivational downshifts are overall inhibition of lever pressing and magazine approach  possibly reflecting reduced general motivation. The observed effects of motivational downshifts on spit have implications with regard to the role of general motivating effects in spit and to the contribution of pavlovian-instrumental interactions to excessive food seeking as well as obesity in humans. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35043951
35045991	Drug treatment for panic disorder with or without agoraphobia: systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials	+	Diet + Nutrition	The findings suggest that ssris provide high rates of remission with low risk of adverse events for the treatment of panic disorder. Among ssris  sertraline and escitalopram were associated with high remission and low risk of adverse events. The findings were  however  based on studies of moderate to very low certainty levels of evidence  mostly as a result of within study bias  inconsistency  and imprecision of the findings reported. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35045991
35049505	The Impact of COVID-19 Confinement on Cognition and Mental Health and Technology Use Among Socially Vulnerable Older People: Retrospective Cohort Study	x	Diet + Nutrition	Our findings show that the first months of the outbreak did not significantly impact the cognition  quality of life  perceived health status  and depression of our study population when making comparisons with baseline assessments prior to the outbreak. Living alone and low technophilia require further research to establish whether they are risk factors of mental health problems during lockdowns in vulnerable populations. Moreover  although icts have proven to be useful for informative-  cognitive-  entertainment-  and socialization-related uses during the pandemic  more evidence is needed to support these interventions. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35049505
35054770	Plant-Derived Antioxidants: Significance in Skin Health and the Ageing Process	+	Skin	Plant products have been used for centuries for skin care purposes. Today  the use of natural ingredients in various innovative formulations for skin care  cleaning  and protection remains very popular. Both single active compounds and sets of compounds that are present in plants are used for therapeutic and cosmetic purposes  usually in the form of extracts obtained from various parts of the plant. Plant extracts are used because they can protect the skin against harmful exogenous or endogenous factors. The main benefits of natural ingredients include their antioxidant properties and their ability to prevent skin disorders resulting from oxs. The uv-protective effect of plant extracts is also important  as uv-induced photo-oxidative damage to cellular lipids  proteins and dna is associated with premature skin ageing and the development of skin cancer. Plants have a great potential to support skin care  but more research trials and clinical evidence are needed  as the effectiveness of many such extracts has not yet been confirmed. Furthermore  many active molecules have yet to be discovered  and natural molecules derived from plant extracts are a particularly interesting subject for further research. Many new aromatic and medicinal plants that improve the quality of plant-based products may be identified in future. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35054770
35062714	The Efficacy of Therapeutic DNA Vaccines Expressing the Human Papillomavirus E6 and E7 Oncoproteins for Treatment of Cervical Cancer: Systematic Review	+	Finances	As it was stated by who  a global strategy to accelerate the elimination of cervical cancer  90–70–90 targets for prevention  screening  and treatment are the key to success. Preventative bivalent and quadrivalent hpv vaccines have undergone significant advancement in development and implementation. However  these preventative vaccines do not elicit a therapeutic effect but could be used as an adjuvant to surgical treatment. Dna therapeutic vaccines represent a potentially safe and novel approach to cervical cancer treatment. The main goal of this review was to discuss the effectiveness of existing dna therapeutic vaccines against cervical cancer expressing hpv 16/18 oncoproteins e6 and e7. The idea of dna therapeutic vaccines is inducing an adaptive immune response and immunologic memory via the expression of tumor antigens and activation of antigen-presenting cells. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35062714
35065636	Effects of curcumin supplementation on vitamin D levels in women with premenstrual syndrome and dysmenorrhea: a randomized controlled study	+	Skin	Curcumin supplementation in women with pms and dysmenorrhea led to a significant improvement of vitamin d  liver function enzyme test  but did not affect blood glucose. Taken together  our observations suggest that curcumin supplements in women with pms and dysmenorrhea led to a significant improvement of vit d  ast and direct bilirubin levels but did not affect blood glucose  uric acid  calcium  phosphorous and lipid profiles biomarkers. Future investigations are encouraged to look at possible dose-response association for the beneficial effect of curcuminoids on vit d deficiency. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35065636
35076874	Update of New Daily Persistent Headache	x	Health	Ndph as a clinical syndrome is featured by the pathognomonic daily persistent headache with an acute onset. Miscellaneous secondary causes suggest the heterogeneous nature of ndph-like headaches: both primary and secondary causes etiologies may lead to the same clinical presentation. Still  under the current diagnostic criteria  ndph was listed as a primary headache disorder; secondary causes should be excluded  which is not easy and may sometimes be underrecognized. To better understand whether the arbitrary differentiation of primary and secondary ndph is reasonable  we need head-to-head comparison studies to see whether the clinical course of primary and secondary ndph differs and to investigate whether it is meaningful to define a headache syndrome when the pathophysiology remains largely unknown. Perhaps the more critical question to ask in ndph  regardless of a primary or secondary etiology  is the biological switch from “no headache” to “persistent headache.” primary or secondary causes may be simply the internal and external force that turned the switch on. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35076874
35095403	Silica Nanoparticles Promote α-Synuclein Aggregation and Parkinson’s Disease Pathology	x	Health	A lot of potential mechanisms participate in the pathogenesis of pd  such as the misfolded α-syn aggregation  mitochondrial dysfunction  oxidative stress  and autophagy. Here we found that sio2 nps promote the aggregation of α-syn  mitochondrial dysfunction  oxidative stress  autophagy impairment. Furthermore  sio2 nps exacerbate pd-like pathology in the α-syn a53t tg mice. These observations may provide new evidence for investigating the potential risk of sio2 nps exposure on triggering pd. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35095403
35095450	The Effects of Virtual Height Exposure on Postural Control and Psychophysiological Stress Are Moderated by Individual Height Intolerance	+	Diet + Nutrition	Our findings show that exposure to height in a naturalistic vr environment elicits a complex reaction to threat involving correlated changes of the emotional state  autonomic activity and postural balance  which are exaggerated in individuals with fear of heights. The analysis of postural measures indicates that individuals with high fear of heights react to heights with maladaptive rigidity of posture due to increased weight of visual input for balance control  while the visual information is less reliable at heights. These findings indicate that interventions targetting posture control might help to treat fear of heights  which remains to be explored in future studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35095450
35095910	Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Acupuncture at ST36 Point: A Literature Review in Animal Studies	x	Health	In this study  we analyzed animal literatures that investigated how acupuncture treatment at st36 changes inflammation-associated mediators in various pathological models. Acupuncture at specific acupoint st36 showed anti-inflammatory properties by regulating inflammation-related genes in body fluids  the digestive system  the nervous system  and other tissues or organs. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35095910
35102477	Mini-implant assisted rapid palatal expansion (MARPE) effects on adult obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and quality of life: a multi-center prospective controlled trial	+	Diet + Nutrition	In our sample  marpe (without any auxiliary osteotomy) showed a good success rate (85%) and promoted important occlusal and respiratory benefits. We observed important daytime sleepiness and osa-related quality of life improvement  as well as the ahi (65.3%)  oxygen saturation and snoring duration. Maxillary skeletal expansion  mse (a specific design of marpe) is an efficient procedure for correcting maxillary transverse deficiency in non-obese young adults  yielding a success rate of 85%; 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35102477
35105908	Effect of mass variation on vibration properties of the tooth in drilling operation	x	Health	The amplitude and frequency of vibration of the tooth in drilling are not constant. Both values are increasing in time  while the mass of the tooth is decreasing. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35105908
35114987	Does aerobic exercise effect pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain? A systematic review	+	Skin	These findings provide evidence that aerobic exercise reduces pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain. Further work is needed to determine whether this translates to improved patient outcomes  including reduced disability and greater quality of life. This systematic review provides evidence to suggest that aerobic exercise reduces pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain. The findings suggest that aerobic exercise involving walking or cycling  performed at a submaximal intensity but with incremental increases  for a 4-60 min duration and for up to 12 weeks can produce a median (minimum  maximum) percentage improvement of 10.6%(2.2%  24.1%) in pain sensitisation. These findings support the need for further work to determine whether the effect of aerobic exercise on pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain also translates to improved clinical outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35114987
35118035	Enhancing Toxicology Achievement by the VARK and the GRSLSS-mixed Models in Team-Based Learning	+	Fitness	In conclusion  this study demonstrated that ohs students prefer to learn using read/write with a collaborative learning style. They adopted both the modality (vark) and team learning (grslss) preference in group allocation that indicated better performance when compared to individual learning. In summary  this study guides creating a successful heterogeneity team based on the preferred learning styles. This information is very useful for improving the quality of teaching and may impact how educators create the toxicology classroom environment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35118035
35125106	Mechanisms of motor symptom improvement by long-term Tai Chi training in Parkinson’s disease patients	+	Fitness	Long-term tai chi training improves motor function  especially gait and balance  in pd. The underlying mechanisms may include enhanced brain network function  reduced inflammation  improved amino acid metabolism  energy metabolism and neurotransmitter metabolism  and decreased vulnerability to dopaminergic degeneration. Our study revealed that long-term tai chi training improves motor function  especially gait and balance  in pd patients. Enhanced brain network function  reduced inflammation  improved amino acid metabolism  energy metabolism and neurotransmitter metabolism  as well as decreased vulnerability to dopaminergic degeneration may be mechanisms underlying the effects of tai chi training. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35125106
35129580	Effect of Sleep Extension on Objectively Assessed Energy Intake Among Adults With Overweight in Real-life Settings	+	Diet + Nutrition	This trial found that sleep extension reduced energy intake and resulted in a negative energy balance in real-life settings among adults with overweight who habitually curtailed their sleep duration. Improving and maintaining healthy sleep duration over longer periods could be part of obesity prevention and weight loss programs. This rct found that short-term sleep extension reduced objectively measured energy intake and resulted in a negative energy balance in real-life settings in adults with overweight who habitually curtailed their sleep duration. The findings highlighted the importance of improving and maintaining adequate sleep duration as a public health target for obesity prevention and increasing awareness about the benefits of adequate sleep duration for healthy weight maintenance. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35129580
35134081	Methods for the frugal labeler: Multi-class semantic segmentation on heterogeneous labels	x	Academics + Studying	The novel approaches to deploying heterogeneous labels within semantic segmentation have been presented and examined in multiple experiments  being common use-cases within biomedical semantic segmentation. As a benchmark  the multi-class segmentation dataset of medaka’s cardiac system was developed  providing semantic segmentation label masks of three classes  together with a baseline performance (mdsc) of 84% (table 1 in s1 file first row) by supervised training on all labels. Furthermore  a combined objective function for tasks with heterogeneous labels is introduced to cope with and utilize heterogeneous labels during neural network training  ready to be adapted to further semantic segmentation tasks and datasets. Our approaches demonstrate beneficial effects on label effort reduction while staying competitive with supervised training on the entire label set and the general cultivation of heterogeneous labeled datasets in multi-class semantic segmentation with neural networks. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35134081
35134561	Systematic review and meta-analysis of olfactory and gustatory dysfunction in COVID-19	x	Skin	These findings emphasize that older patients with covid-19 are more likely to experience olfactory dysfunction. Symptoms of nasal congestion and rhinorrhea may affect the recognition of olfactory dysfunction. This meta-analysis emphasizes that older patients with covid-19 are more likely to experience olfactory dysfunction; however  they may recover quickly once the symptoms of nasal congestion and rhinorrhea resolve. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35134561
35139439	Effect of anhydrous betaine and hydrochloride betaine on growth performance, meat quality, postmortem glycolysis, and antioxidant capacity of broilers	x	Health	In summary  anhydrous betaine showed better effects than hydrochloride betaine in improving growth performance and breast muscle yield of partridge shank broiler chickens. Moreover  anhydrous betaine (1 000 mg/kg) or equimolar hydrochloride betaine supplementation could improve the meat quality of broilers by reducing lactate content to increase muscle ultimate ph  influencing meat water distribution (increasing immobile water proportion and decreasing free water proportion) to decrease drip loss  and enhancing muscle antioxidant capacity. Considering both growth performance and meat quality  1 000 mg/kg anhydrous betaine is recommended for broilers. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35139439
35140655	The Application of Hypnosis in Sports	+	Hair Care	There is a lot of evidence that hypnosis may be a helpful tool to address a variety of issues in sports; for example  hypnosis may help athletes improve their psychological quality  increase their self-confidence  relieve their fatigue  restore energy  help them better concentrate on the daily training and competition  and better improve their skills. However  there is little methodologically rigorous empirical research substantiating its value  and there is still a lack of extensive experimental evidence to prove its mechanism. As a result  hypnosis in sports still needs to be studied in more depth and breadth  and empirical verification is necessary and required. But it is undeniable that hypnosis is a simple and easy way to adjust physical and mental conditioning without special requirements in terms of venues or equipment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35140655
35155688	Exosomes Secreted from Adipose-Derived Stem Cells Are a Potential Treatment Agent for Immune-Mediated Alopecia	+	Sleep	Adsc-exos therapy positively affected the promotion of hair regrowth by regulating mir-22  the wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway  and the tnf-α signaling pathway  implying that adsc-exos could be a promising cell-free therapeutic strategy for immune-mediated alopecia. In the present study  we demonstrated that adsc-exos promoted proliferation  migration  and apoptosis remission in dpcs. The in vivo mouse experiments also supported the observation that adsc-exos played a critical role in hair regrowth  which was consistent with the in vitro results. The effects of adsc-exos on dpc biological function and hair growth in c57bl/6 hair telogen mice were investigated for the first time in this study. The underlying mechanism may involve mir-22 downregulation in posttranscriptional regulation  the activation of the wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway  and the potentially anti-inflammatory effect. In conclusion  this study provides the potential for developing adsc-exos as promising therapeutic evs for a cell-free treatment strategy of immune-mediated hair loss in the future. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35155688
35162009	External Auditory Stimulation as a Non-Pharmacological Sleep Aid	=	Diet + Nutrition	Initial digital treatment can be used by the general public to aid in sleeping before being diagnosed with insomnia and proceeding with drug or non-drug treatment prescribed by a doctor. The most important factor in the expansion of digital therapeutics is objective clinical data that can be used to judge safety and efficacy. To provide a service that can induce sleep through auditory stimulation  more clinical research on the sleep-inducing effect of auditory stimulation is needed. Most of the related studies have been based on sleep diaries. Therefore  clinical studies based on polysomnography of subjects with various conditions are needed to determine meaningful clinical effectiveness. In particular  research on methods using asmr is almost nonexistent  and more research is necessary. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35162009
35168522	Potential Mechanisms and Clinical Effectiveness of Acupuncture in Depression	+	Health	Mechanistically  acupuncture has the potential to alleviate depressive disorders by increasing hippocampal and network neuroplasticity and decreasing brain inflammation. In addition  overall clinical studies indicated that acupuncture could relieve primary depression  particularly milder cases  and was helpful in the management of psd prd and ppd both as an isolated and adjunct treatment. In summary  substantial evidence from animal and human researches supported the beneficial effect of acupuncture in depression. However  the effect of acupuncture remains to be assessed in large and well-designed clinical trials. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35168522
34836225	The Effects of 6 Weeks of Tribulus terrestris L. Supplementation on Body Composition, Hormonal Response, Perceived Exertion, and CrossFit® Performance: A Randomized, Single-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study	=	Health	The dose 770 mg · day−1 of tt used in crossfit®-trained men does not appear to influence body composition  rpe  total strength  and anaerobic performance. However  our results suggest that it could potentially intervene in the recovery process by a tendency  although not significant  to increase serum testosterone and maintain a favorable trend in the testosterone/cortisol ratio  which would mean that it could potentially influence less fatigue and catabolism associated with exercise. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34836225
34836419	Salicylic Acid and Risk of Colorectal Cancer: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study	-	Skin	Overall  the analyses presented have shown that dietary levels of sa  as well as increased levels proxied by aspirin use  may be insufficient at reducing risk of crc  although based on the variance explained in sa levels by our snps and the f statistic  we acknowledge that the analysis needs to be repeated again with stronger instruments that proxy the metabolite levels. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34836419
34837637	The Nutrition-COVID-19 Interplay: a Review	x	Diet + Nutrition	The sars-cov-2 and subsequent covid-19 pandemic is still being researched upon  and more findings are being discovered regarding how this affects human life and what it means for the coming years. Covid-19-related changes in dietary habits and lifestyle constraints may lead to poor nutritional status with coexistence of obesity and related chronicity and underweight/unintended weight loss and micronutrient deficiencies  both physiological alterations which lead to higher susceptibility to covid-19. The place of nutrition  in the absence of specific therapeutic treatment and even with the availability of vaccines  for an effective functioning of the immune system to aid in the management of the covid-19 disease cannot be overemphasized. A healthy balanced diet with the appropriate myriad of macronutrients and micronutrients supports disease-reducing immunity. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34837637
34847661	Workaholism, sleep disorders, and potential e-learning impacts among Menoufia University staff during COVID-19 pandemic	x	Skin	This study reported a high prevalence of workaholism in university staff in egypt especially after covid -9 pandemic and using e-learning. The risk factor associated with sleep problems was workaholism. To minimize the negative impact of workaholism in the future  workers should be trained on proper work behavior  attitude at work  and work duration to maintain a healthy work-life balance. Future studies should explore the influence of work style and work environment on sleep quality among faculty members. Also  it should combine face-to-face learning and elearning instead of e-learning only. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34847661
34858007	Hair Growth Promoting Effects of 650 nm Red Light Stimulation on Human Hair Follicles and Study of Its Mechanisms via RNA Sequencing Transcriptome Analysis	+	Skin	The effect of 650-nm red light on ex vivo hair follicles and the transcriptome set which implicates the role of red light in promoting hair growth and reversing of miniaturization process of aga were identified. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34858007
34866922	Hair Growth-Promoting Effect of Resveratrol in Mice, Human Hair Follicles and Dermal Papilla Cells	+	Sleep	Rsv can promote hair growth and may be a potential candidate for the treatment of hair loss. Sion  we found that rsv has promoting effects in hair growth and prolongs anagen phase of hair follicle from accelerating anagen entry and delaying catagen progression. Low concentrations of rsv can also mediate the proliferation of dpcs and protect dpcs from oxidative process  but the mechanism of rsv regulating hair follicles needs further studies. Therefore  rsv is expected to be a potential drug for the prevention and treatment of hair loss. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34866922
34884444	Skin Aging, Cellular Senescence and Natural Polyphenols	x	Skin	Besides triggering prominent visible manifestations  such as wrinkling  sagging  dryness or age spots  skin aging is associated with an onset of age-related skin disorders and diseases  including dermatoses  infections and malignancies. This may be a consequence of the accumulation of senescent cells in the skin tissue. There is growing evidence that cellular senescence may be an essential mechanism that drives organismal aging. In this review  we summarized the actual knowledge about molecular mechanisms of skin cellular senescence and their contribution to the aging of skin. Furthermore  we provided an overview of the polyphenolic substances that are capable of interfering with senescence development in skin cells  as well as the polyphenols-containing preparations that have shown clinical evidence of anti-aging effects. However  data for many of biochemicals mentioned in this paper were derived from in vitro models; thus  in vivo experiments should be carried out to confirm their anti-senescent effect on skin and/or elucidate their contribution to the anti-aging effects observed in vivo. In addition  the molecular mechanisms through which various polyphenols impact the process of senescence should be investigated in more detail in order to identify their specific molecular targets. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34884444
34886343	The Effects of Workplace Interventions on Low Back Pain in Workers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	+	Health	This systematic review demonstrated that workplace interventions led to a significant improvement of clinical outcomes in a worker population affected by lbp. The meta-analysis showed strong evidence that wi improved lbp  disability  and quality of life in workers. However  a statistical increase in purely working parameters has not been described  testifying to the fact that despite the pain decreased  workers were still afraid to fully return to work. Wi should be practiced in order to prevent and treat musculoskeletal symptoms  which could reduce the work ability and increase the number of sick leave days for the workers. However  workplace interventions standardized for specific works are needed  and the follow-up should be longer to evaluate the long-term effects of wi on clinical and working outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34886343
34886478	Speak like a Native English Speaker or Be Judged: A Scoping Review	x	Fitness	English is an international language used worldwide. However  spoken english varies due to the regional accent of certain places. Different types of attitudes exist owing to these variations  especially with non-native english speakers. Some fluent speakers and the natives of english can tolerate the variations of accents  whereas some show strong disapproval publicly  which is manifested online through cyberbullying. Less job prospects  bigotry  and under-appreciation of workers’ abilities are among the outcomes of the discernment of non-native english speakers’ inability to communicate. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34886478
34886488	Self-Management Nursing Intervention for Controlling Glucose among Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	x	Academics + Studying	This study tried to suggest future research directions for diabetes interventions by identifying components that can increase the effectiveness of diabetes self-management interventions through meta-analysis. The study characteristics and combined effect size of 23 diabetes intervention papers were calculated. The overall effect on hba1c suggested a moderate effect size  with hba1c decreasing significantly after nursing interventions. Among the nursing interventions  home visiting and customized programs were statistically significant. Healthcare professionals may encourage people with diabetes to engage in self-management of their glucose levels  such as patient-centered customized interventions. In this study  various management methods were introduced and utilized. Elements of inspection and management were included during self-management  such as telephone  in-person visits  and online participation. Intermediate inspection and continuous management were found to be effective even when it was done remotely  which showed the effect of non-face-to-face interventions. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34886488
34886548	A Holistic Approach of Personality Traits in Medical Students: An Integrative Review	x	Academics + Studying	The relationship between physician and patient represents the core of medicine and all efforts should focus on improving this relationship. A thorough assessment of medical students’ personality traits is crucial for educators in order to acknowledge the main deficiencies in their students and to design effective tailored communication and clinical practice training for improving and educating these deficiencies. Professional satisfaction is definitely influenced by career choice  which should be properly guided after an individual assessment of personality traits. Interprofessional collaboration and teamwork are mandatory for patient safety and medical students should be made aware of its importance even before graduating. Emotional intelligence and empathy act as partners for improving empathic ability in order to reach the best doctor–patient relationship. Empathy is positively influenced by being positively correlated with openness  agreeableness  conscientiousness  and extraversion  and thus  training should focus on improving these components in medical students. The ultimate goal of the medical profession is to achieve the best outcome for each patient. Empathy  emotional intelligence  and clinical communication skills are essential for building an effective doctor–patient relationship  while interprofessional collaboration and teamwork are mandatory for assuring the best of care in practice  altogether being closely governed by personality traits and crucial for providing the best outcome for the patients. Taking into account students’ personality traits  courses should aim to improve empathy  clinical communication skills  interprofessional collaboration  teamwork  and practical competencies for the patients’ best outcomes. Thus  proper training should begin in medical students and should never end. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34886548
34887808	Mobile Phone Addiction and Academic Procrastination Negatively Impact Academic Achievement Among Chinese Medical Students	+	Diet + Nutrition	This study revealed that the problems of mobile phone addiction and academic procrastination are prevalent among chinese medical students  and these negatively influences their academic achievement. Based on these results  we offer guidance for reducing the negative effects of mobile phone addiction and academic procrastination on academic achievement. Future studies are required to identify the factors associated with mobile phone addiction and academic procrastination. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34887808
34894323	Optimizing song retention through the spacing effect	+	Fitness	This study showed that the spacing effect can be used to help memory for song. Unlike most verbal learning studies  we failed to show an inverse-u pattern in which retention improved with increased spacing and then decreased with further increases in isi length (cepeda et al. ). Future studies should examine whether this result was due to our choice of inter-study intervals  or whether the large number of cues present in songs contributes to better memory from spacing regardless of isi. In the future  two additional follow-up studies are clearly indicated  examining whether the spacing effect improves memory for tunes without words and for lyric poetry. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34894323
34895868	Is ankyloglossia associated with obstructive sleep apnea?☆	+	Diet + Nutrition	The studies included in this review contribute to corroborate the association between ankyloglossia and obstructive sleep apnea. Ts of these studies suggest that speech  mastication  breathing and sleep can be affected by a tongue with restricted mobility  and that its adequate surgical release associated with myofunctional therapy can result in functional and quality of life improvement. The improvement in sleep quality was significant in patients included in the studies  in which the intervention was performed  because  after the intervention  the tongue was able to rest on the palate instead of resting on the floor of the mandible. The possibility of tongue elevation  and the releasing of the restriction so that the elevation normalizes  is the reason for the observed improvement. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34895868
34901282	Acute Whole-Body Vibration Exercise Promotes Favorable Handgrip Neuromuscular Modifications in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Cross-Over Randomized Clinical	+	Fitness	Acute wbv exercise under the hands promotes neuromuscular modifications during the handgrip of women with stable ra. Thus  acute wbv exercise may be used as a preparatory exercise for the rehabilitation of the hands in this population. This trial is registered with trial registration 2.544.850 (rebec-rbr-2n932c). Sion  acute wbv exercise  directly under the hands  in the push up position  promotes neuromuscular modifications  suggesting positive impact on neuromuscular performance and wrist rom  with concomitant reduction in handgrip nr in women with stable ra. As clinical relevance  acute wbv exercise under the hands of stable ra patients suggests positive effects on aspects of structure and function related to manual activities that involve object manipulation. Thus  acute wbv exercise may be a complementary and alternative preparatory exercise for the treatment of patients with musculoskeletal dysfunction. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34901282
34906058	Neural Substrates for the Regulation of Sleep and General Anesthesia	-	Phobias	In this paper  we have reviewed several well-studied nuclei (from the brainstem to the neocortex) in modulating consciousness transitions caused by sleep and anesthesia  respectively. Among these  most neural circuits involved in sleep-arousal regulation also play a role in anesthesia-induced loss and recovery of consciousness. With modern advanced techniques  a few neuronal subtypes involved in natural sleep have been identified as overlapping in regulating general anesthetic effects. However  overlapping neurons labeled by specific markers are difficult to distinguish using traditional inhibitory or excitatory neuronal classifications. The current results may not completely indicate an overlapping neural circuitry mechanism between sleep and general anesthesia  though these findings raise a few points for discussion. First  a certain nucleus may regulate sleep or anesthesia  which does not necessarily mean that all neuronal types in this nucleus are involved in both sleep and anesthesia. Accumulating evidence supports the theory that sleep-promoting neurons are often spatially intermingled with wake-promoting neurons  making it difficult to target them selectively for circuit analysis. Second  although some nuclei have confirmed overlapping neurons in dual-regulating sleep and anesthesia  whether other sleep-arousal-regulating nuclei have such overlapping neurons needs to be further studied. Third  overlapping neurons are likely to distinguish themselves by having untraditional neuronal labels. Conventionally classified neuronal markers and responsible genetic tools may not be able to accurately anchor such neurons; therefore  more advanced regulative approaches are needed. Lastly  for most sleep-arousal nuclei  such as vta and bf  there are multiple types of neurons that likely form the microcircuits participating in the regulation of unconscious and arousal transition. The configuration of intranuclear microcircuits of overlapping neurons requires further research. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34906058
34908658	Cry in the sky: Psychological impact on drone operators	x	Hair Care	It is acknowledged that drone operations are a recent phenomenon and not much research has been undertaken on the psychology of a drone operator and the psychological impact of drone operations. It is further compounded by the fact that the majority of such operations are shrouded in mystery and access to the drone crew is not always easy. Acknowledging psychiatric symptoms have often been viewed as a sign of weakness among members of armed forces so that may lead to under-reporting. Majority of the data on the web is available from defense portals of the united states armed forces. India too has acquired sufficient drone capability but not much is known about their role and their operators. In conclusion  the current study is a brief review on the psychological issues which may affect drone operators. Due to novelty of the concept  there is a paucity of controlled studies for the selection of candidates for this role. It is  therefore  important to systematically incorporate selection and screening protocols for operators of drone technology. Existing studies in this field consistently highlight that the field is stressful but necessitates precision and intact cognitive and mental abilities. Any errors could prove costly and may lead to mission failure. The rates of emotional fatigue and burnout are significant higher but can be controlled by simple measures like good workplace ergonomic principles. Some of the suggested methods include regulating work hours and rotating shift duties  filtering relevant data  and adequate staffing. Moral injury and disengagement are of concern but can be handled with sensitivity and inculcating esprit de corps. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34908658
34909737	A Literature Review of Real-World Effectiveness and Safety of Dupilumab for Atopic Dermatitis	+	Skin	Dupilumab demonstrated high efficacy  high effectiveness  favorable safety  and improvement in comorbidities caused by ad. Accumulating real-world data has uncovered the differences between the real world and clinical trials and revealed some issues to be addressed  including conjunctivitis and facial redness. There are still a certain number of patients with significant failure. Further investigation is needed to elucidate them. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34909737
34916940	Differential Sleep Traits Have No Causal Effect on Inflammatory Bowel Diseases: A Mendelian Randomization Study	+	Phobias	Our study did not support a causal effect of differential sleep traits on the pathogenesis of ibd  and the result could be robust because of the large sample size of the study  multiple sensitivity analyses  and verification in two gwas study populations of sleep traits. Future studies focusing on the causal effect of psychological disorders on ibd pathogenesis are warranted  as well as future studies conducted in populations other than european ancestry. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34916940
34924893	An Exploratory Review of Potential Adjunct Therapies for the Treatment of Coronavirus Infections	=	Skin	We identified nonpharmaceutical supplements (vitamin d  zinc  vitamin a  s. nigra  a. sativum  g. glabra  and u. dioica) which may have potential to provide support for those with coronavirus infections. However  rigorous clinical studies need to be performed before any clinical recommendations can be made. Xploratory review  we identified nonpharmaceutical supplements (vitamin d  zinc  vitamin a  n-acetylcysteine  quercetin  selenium  s. nigra  a. sativum  g. glabra  and u dioica) which may have the potential to provide support for those with coronavirus infections. However  rigorous clinical studies need to be performed before any clinical recommendations can be made at this time. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34924893
34935882	Pupillary Light Reflex Induced by Two-Photon Vision	x	Skin	The two-photon stimulus caused a considerably weaker pupil reaction than one-photon stimuli of the same shape  brightness  and similar color. The smaller pupil response may be due to weaker two-photon stimulation of rods relative to cones as previously observed for two-photon vision. Contrary to normal vision  in a two-photon process the stray light is not perceived  which might reduce the number of stimulated photoreceptors and further weaken the plr. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34935882
34936049	Effects of Exercise Training on Anabolic and Catabolic Hormones with Advanced Age: A Systematic Review	+	Fitness	In conclusion  findings from this systematic review suggest that exercise training increases basal levels of testosterone  igf-1  shbg  hgh and dhea in both male and females over 40 years of age. The increases in blood levels of these hormones were independent of the mode  duration and intensity of the training programs. However  the effects of long-term exercise training on cortisol and insulin levels in elderly people are less clear. Sion  exercise increases the levels of anabolic hormones in older adults  although the clinical significance of these alterations remains uncertain. It is apparent that exercise exerts anti-ageing effects on several physiological systems  but whether these effects are mediated by the endocrine system is unclear at this time. Nonetheless  we recommend that exercise should be considered as a first-line treatment for endocrine dysfunction as it improves several changes of the hormonal regulation that occur with ageing. Future investigations may wish to address the effects of exercise on hormonal concentrations in middle-aged individuals as this is typically where age-associated hormonal milieu alterations may begin to manifest. In the present review  regrettably we found that too few original articles were conducted in participants aged 40–60 years  so additional articles in this age category would have allowed us to examine age differences and would have permitted practical applications for each age category. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34936049
34946512	Herbal Products Used in Menopause and for Gynecological Disorders	+	Skin	Based on this review  we noted limited data are available on the use of some plants for alleviating the symptoms of menopause and gynecological disorders. While black cohosh and red clover were consistently shown to help reduce menopausal symptoms in clinical studies  currently available data do not fully support the use of fenugreek  hops  valerian  and soybean for this indication. For premenstrual syndrome and premenstrual dysphoric disorder  chaste tree shows effectiveness  but more clinical studies are needed to confirm such effect upon the use of evening primrose. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34946512
34958693	Superior even skin tone and anti‐ageing benefit of a combination of 4‐hexylresorcinol and niacinamide	+	Skin	A formulation containing a combination of 4‐hr and niacinamide delivered superior skin tone and anti‐ageing benefits significantly better than niacinamide alone with no adverse events. This study demonstrates that a product designed to affect multiple pathways of melanogenesis  inflammation  and ageing may provide an additional treatment option  beyond hydroquinone and retinoids  for hyperpigmentation and ageing. Indicates that 4‐hr with niacinamide is a potent combination promoting even skin tone and anti‐ageing benefits. We speculate that the effect of the combination is attributable  at least partly  to the anti‐tyrosinase enzyme activity of 4‐hr and melanosome transfer inhibition by niacinamide for hyper‐pigmented spot reduction. The additional contribution could be due to the multiple mechanisms attributed to both the ingredients like their anti‐inflammatory  anti‐glycation  antioxidant  and collagen‐boosting ability relevant to skin ageing. These studies  thus  demonstrate that a product designed to affect multiple biological processes or pathways may provide a safe and effective treatment option as an alternative to hydroquinone for hyper‐pigmentation and retinoids for anti‐ageing. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34958693
34960000	A Pilot, Phase II, Observational, Case-Control, 1-Month Study on Asthenopia in Video Terminal Operators without Dry Eye: Contrast Sensitivity and Quality of Life before and after the Oral Consumption of a Fixed Combination of Zinc, L-Carnitine, Extract of Elderberry, Currant and Extract of Eleutherococcus.	+	Skin	The intake of some nutraceuticals is able to improve contrast sensitivity in people who spend many hours in front of the pc screen  reducing the symptoms of discomfort and positively influencing their perception of quality of life  as revealed in the cvss questionnaire. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34960000
34965876	Effect of food sources of nitrate, polyphenols, L-arginine and L-citrulline on endurance exercise performance: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials	=	Health	Foods rich in polyphenols and nitrate provide trivial benefits for endurance exercise performance  although these effects may be food dependent. Highly trained endurance athletes do not appear to benefit from consuming nitrate-rich foods but may benefit from polyphenol consumption. Further research into food sources  dosage and supplementation duration to optimise the ergogenic response to polyphenol consumption is warranted. Further studies should evaluate whether differential sex-based responses to nitrate and polyphenol consumption are attributable to physiological differences or sample size limitations. On of foods rich in no3- and polyphenols may provide trivial beneficial effects for endurance exercise performance  while consumption of foods rich in l-citrulline  currently limited only to studies of watermelon juice  does not appear to affect performance. Beetroot juice has been extensively studied and its no3- content confers ergogenic effects in various exercise types in populations that are not considered well-trained. Other food sources of no3- require further investigation of their ergogenic capacity. Food-derived polyphenols appear to have the potential to enhance tt performance to a similar extent as beetroot juice  although more research is needed regarding its efficacy for use in highly trained athletes. No effects were evident for the consumption of polyphenols from new zealand blackcurrant  cocoa  ginseng  green tea and raisins  but significant benefits were shown for the consumption of grape  beetroot (no3--depleted)  french maritime pine  montmorency cherry and pomegranate across multiple studies. However  caution should be exercised in translating these ergogenic effects to other food sources of polyphenols  as there seems to be considerable variation in the effects between foods that cannot be attributed to differences in total phenolic content or key polyphenolic compounds. Distinct responses to no3- and polyphenol supplementation were also observed between males and females  with females not demonstrating any benefit for exercise performance. This may be due to sex-based differences in nitric oxide synthesis  vascular function and oxidative stress  and/or the limited number of female studies and the training status of the participants. No3--rich food consumption increases nitric oxide synthesis  and its physiological effects are more clearly linked to increases in muscle oxygen delivery and exercise efficiency  whereas polyphenol-rich foods have less clearly established effects on nitric oxide synthesis  vascular function and physiological variables during exercise. Future studies should evaluate effects of no3- and polyphenol consumption on training performance and adaptations  as well as optimising protocols for consuming polyphenol-rich foods  and establishing the individual and test-related (e.g. intensity) factors that influence the ergogenic response to consuming no3- and polyphenol-rich foods. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34965876
34642518	COVID-19 psychological impact: The role of perfectionism	+	Diet + Nutrition	After the seminal analysis  this is the first empirical study to present scientific evidence about the role of perfectionism on the psychological impact of the current pandemic. Perfectionism negatively influences psychological distress during pandemic of covid-19 and its effect is mediated by fear of covid-19 and rnt. Personality traits and the emotional  cognitive and behavioral reactions they trigger must be considered when evaluating and treating anxiety  depression and stress related to the covid-19. Individuals with high levels of perfectionism should be helped in dealing with their fear of covid-19  namely through interventions focused on reducing its high rnt  which is a modifiable factor. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34642518
34658160	Effects and tolerability of exercise therapy modality on cardiorespiratory fitness in lung cancer: a randomized controlled trial	+	Health	In the context of a smaller than planned sample size  at and ct significantly improved vo2peak in lung cancer survivors; however  the tolerability‐to‐benefit ratio was superior for at and hence may be the preferred modality to target impaired crf in post‐treatment lung cancer survivors. Ntext of a smaller than planned sample size  at and ct significantly improved vo2peak in lung cancer survivors; however  the tolerability‐to‐benefit ratio was superior for at and hence may be the preferred modality to target impaired crf in post‐treatment lung cancer survivors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34658160
34682481	Effects of a Low-Carbohydrate High-Fat Diet Combined with High-Intensity Interval Training on Body Composition and Maximal Oxygen Uptake: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	+	Mental Health + Self Care	Lchf combined with hiit reduces body weight and fat mass while maintaining lean body mass and enhancing aerobic capacity. However  considering the adverse effects of lchf  whether its combination with hiit can be used in a range of patients and its long-term safety remains unknown. Further large  long-term  well-designed randomized trials on this topic are needed to assess the long-term safety  efficacy  and adherence to the combination of lchf and hiit. Further studies are also necessary to explore the impact of other types of exercise (i.e.  moderate-intensity interval training  aerobic training  etc.) On body composition and physical performance during lchf. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34682481
34684135	Effects of Task-Specific Training after Cognitive Sensorimotor Exercise on Proprioception, Spasticity, and Gait Speed in Stroke Patients: A Randomized Controlled Study	+	Health	This study found that the tst after cse was effective in improving proprioception  spasticity and gait speed in stroke patients. Our results indicate that cse and tst training can be considered as a potential method to improve the proprioception  spasticity and gait speed in stroke patients. Diversified cse will need to be developed for broader application of the combined approach as a therapeutic intervention for the functional recovery of stroke patients. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34684135
34684482	Circadian Rhythm Dysregulation and Restoration: The Role of Melatonin	+	Phobias	Melatonin supplementation is not known to cause a classical feedback phenomenon  meaning that administration of the supplement should not result in tolerance or pineal atrophy. Theoretically  this should mean that melatonin can be taken indefinitely; however  practicality dictates that this must be confirmed via clinical study. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34684482
34684531	Maternal Nutrition and Neurodevelopment: A Scoping Review	=	Academics + Studying	An unsupplemented maternal diet may be insufficient in terms of the required nutrients for optimal fetal health. Furthermore  mothers who eat vegan diets tend to have a reduced intake of several important compounds (such as zinc and creatine). Researchers have established inadequate micronutrient intake levels (deficiency and excess) and their outcomes in terms of neurodevelopment. For instance  iron has been implicated in neurogenesis  and iron deficiencies have been associated with memory alterations and neurodevelopment impairment. These outcomes persist even after postnatal iron repletion. Furthermore  iodine deficiency has been described as the leading cause of preventable impaired mental function worldwide  with outcomes ranging from congenital anomalies and endemic cretinism to subclinical cognitive and motor function deficits. Folate supplementation is known to play a role in protecting against neural tube defects  and it is implicated in cognitive function and learning abilities. Vitamin a is crucial for organogenesis  neural patterning  neuronal differentiation  neurite outgrowth  and axonal elongation. It is of special consideration that levels above 10 000 iu have been related to teratogenesis. Choline deficiency is common during pregnancy  and it is known to alter neurogenesis and angiogenesis in the fetal hippocampus. Furthermore  some studies have shown an association between choline deficiency and neural tube defects. Copper and creatine deficiencies during pregnancy are rare  and evidence regarding their role in neurodevelopment is scarce. Considering the effects of these compounds on physiological adaptation and fetal developmental processes  micronutrient supplementation is recommended during pregnancy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34684531
34690851	Facilitating English Grammar Learning by a Personalized Mobile-Assisted System With a Self-Regulated Learning Mechanism	+	Fitness	In an attempt to address the research gap that efl grammar learning with mobile devices has not received much attention  the present study designed a personalized mobile-assisted system with an srl mechanism and examined its effectiveness with efl learners in grammar learning. Our findings demonstrate the positive influences of this system on students’ grammar test performance  regardless of their genders  indicating its value as a supplementary tool to traditional classroom instruction of english grammar. The results obtained in this study also add to a growing body of literature on mobile learning in support of its effectiveness for efl learning as well as the effects of promoting srl in m-learning contexts on efl learners’ performance. Despite certain limitations of this study  it can be concluded that the personalized m-learning system was effective for both genders in improving their english grammar test scores. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34690851
34693291	Effects of pH and Electrolytes on Castor Oil Emulsions with Various Stabilisers Using Khaya senegalensis Gum as an Emulsifier	x	Sleep	The khaya senegalensis gum can be purified to improve upon its appearance and quality. The percentage yield obtained from the purification procedure was 53.33%. The gum was free from objectionable microorganisms. The elemental analysis indicated the absence of toxic heavy chemicals like arsenic  lead  and cadmium; this suggests the suitability of the gum to be exploited as a pharmaceutical excipient. Ionic strength has a more pronounced effect on the compression of the electric double layer. Very high or very low ph has an effect on the stability of emulsions. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34693291
34696155	Effect of Blue Light on Acne Vulgaris: A Systematic Review	+	Skin	In conclusion  we found that blue light demonstrated improvement in the treatment of acne  especially in inflammatory lesions and seborrhea  with no significant improvement in grade 1 acne or with only comedones  and not showing scars  null or minimal side effects and that it is a safe alternative to conventional treatments. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34696155
34700052	Epidemiology of injuries in male and female youth football players: A systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Health	The high injury incidence rates and sex differences identified for the most common location and type of injury reinforce the need for implementing different targeted injury-risk mitigation strategies in male and female youth football players. Iirs and probability scores found for youth footballers in our meta-analysis reinforce the need for implementing targeted injury risk-mitigation strategies in youth football  irrespective of sex. Because iirs are higher during match play for both sexes  it is important that the training prescription mimic the demands of match play as closely as possible in order to provide the robustness and readiness needed for competitive play. The sex differences identified for the most common locations and types of injury reinforce the need for different targeted management strategies in male and female youth players. Males tend to sustain predominantly muscle injuries to the thigh  and females sustain predominantly joint and ligament injuries to the knee and ankle  so strategies should focus on neuromuscular conditioning in male players and movement mechanics  core strength  and joint stability in female players. However  there is still a paucity of data concerning female players  especially for younger and less mature female players. Additional longitudinal studies are needed to fully explore the age- and maturation-related changes in incidence  severity  location  and type of injuries that occur among footballers of both sexes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34700052
34707522	Procrastination, Perfectionism, and Other Work-Related Mental Problems: Prevalence, Types, Assessment, and Treatment—A Scoping Review	x	Diet + Nutrition	When otto kernberg was recently asked  how he would distinguish between an unconventional  eccentric or somehow odd person and a person with a personality disorder who needed therapy  he first answered by referring to the occupational functioning of that person: “…is he effective  on the top of his knowledge and his possibilities  is he satisfied with his work  does he get along well with his coworkers and so on.” [own translation   p. 41]. Thus  according to kernberg  whether an individual is able to work effectively  productively and satisfactorily may—among other things—be used to distinguish between normal and disordered personality and is considered essential in describing personality structure. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34707522
34712055	Chronic Idiopathic Constipation in Adults: A Review on Current Guidelines and Emerging Treatment Options	+	Diet + Nutrition	Cic is a frequent functional digestive disorder with a relevant impact on the qol. Several therapeutic approaches have been proposed to ameliorate symptoms associated with cic. European  french  spanish and korean therapeutic guidelines have been compared and discussed with respect to the different methodological criteria and results. Based on the available evidence  a high fiber diet and peg represent the recommended first-line therapeutic approach; it is worth noting that this approach is useful also as over-the-counter therapy. Stimulating laxatives and new agents like prucalopride and plecanatide can be proposed as a second-line therapy in patients unresponsive to osmotic laxatives; of interest  literature evidence suggest that prucalopride has the potential for being a first-line treatment for cic. There is also evidence that some drugs currently approved for constipation-predominant ibs might in the near future be approved also for cic  due to their efficacy also in this condition. In patients with ano-rectal dyssynergia  pelvic floor rehabilitation is the principal recommended method. In constipated patients refractory to any therapeutic approach sacral nerve stimulation and surgery can represent the last therapeutic chance. Finally  new promising emerging agents have been demonstrated effective to treat cic patients although only some of these medicaments are commercially available. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34712055
34717678	Microglia and macrophage exhibit attenuated inflammatory response and ferroptosis resistance after RSL3 stimulation via increasing Nrf2 expression	+	Skin	These data revealed the proinflammatory role of ferroptosis in microglia and macrophages  identified rsl3 as a novel inhibitor of lps-induced inflammation  and uncovered the molecular regulation of microglia and macrophage sensitivity to ferroptosis. Thus  targeting ferroptosis in diseases by using rsl3 should consider both the pro-ferroptosis effect and the anti-inflammation effect to achieve optimal outcome. Esent study  we showed the proinflammatory role of ferroptosis in microglia and macrophages  revealed rsl3 as a potent neuroinflammation inhibitor  and uncovered the mechanism of microglia and macrophage resistance to ferroptosis. To obtain optimal effects  targeting ferroptosis in diseases by using rsl3 should both consider the ferroptosis effect and the anti-inflammation effect. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34717678
34735372	Clinical advances in the pharmacotherapy of congenital adrenal hyperplasia	+	Academics + Studying	Crf1 receptor antagonists hold promise to avoid excess glucocorticoid replacement in patients not controlled on standard or circadian glucocorticoid replacement such as chronocort. Gene and cell therapies are the only therapeutic approaches that could potentially correct both cortisol deficiency and androgen excess. 10 years have seen great advances in our understanding of the pathophysiology of 21ohd-cah and with it a recognition that our current management is suboptimal. This impetus has led to a variety of different pharmacological approaches to improve the control of 21ohd-cah. Crf1 receptor antagonists and adrenal enzyme blockers have shown they can reduce androgen biomarkers in patients with poorly controlled 21ohd-cah  and further studies are planned to test whether they can improve health outcomes. Improved glucocorticoid delivery to provide accurate dosing in children and better replicate the circadian rhythm of cortisol either by infusion of hydrocortisone or treatment with chronocort  a delayed-release formulation of hydrocortisone  can control androgen biomarkers using an adrenal replacement glucocorticoid dose  and patients report restoration of menses and pregnancies. The only treatments in development that have the potential to cure 21ohd-cah and both control adrenal androgens and replace glucocorticoid treatment altogether are gene- and cell-based therapies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34735372
34735722	Systematic review of the safety, immunogenicity, and effectiveness of COVID‐19 vaccines in pregnant and lactating individuals and their infants	+	Academics + Studying	Covid‐19 vaccination in pregnant and lactating individuals is immunogenic  does not cause significant vaccine‐related adverse events or obstetrical and neonatal outcomes  and is effective in preventing covid‐19 disease. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34735722
34741573	Treatment options for androgenetic alopecia: Efficacy, side effects, compliance, financial considerations, and ethics	=	Sleep	There are a variety of options in a practitioner's armamentarium for treating aga which include oral and topical medications  hormonal therapies  nutraceuticals  prp  exosomes  microneedling  and more invasive techniques such as hair transplantation. The treatment of aga can be particularly challenging due to non‐uniformity in patient response to conventional therapies and even the incomplete understanding of the exact pathogenesis of the condition itself. Patients must adhere to lifelong therapy as aga continues to progress if treatment is stopped. Oral finasteride  topical minoxidil  and lllt are currently the only fda‐approved treatments for this condition  all of which may be effective in treating particular patients with aga. However  selecting an appropriate therapy for a patient should take into consideration the individual's age and aesthetic concerns  lifestyle and preferences  access to treatment  compliance  extent of hair loss  and financial budget. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34741573
34762326	Effects of gratitude intervention on mental health and well‐being among workers: A systematic review	+	Health	Most gratitude interventions incorporated a gratitude list  and some studies included gratitude activities as a part of the combined program. On the other hand  no studies focused on only behavioral gratitude expression among workers. Gratitude interventions might be effective in improving mental health  but their effects on well‐being remain unclear. The total number of gratitude lists and reflections might influence the effect on mental health and well‐being; however  due to the high heterogeneity of the studies  further studies are needed. Itude interventions incorporated a gratitude list  and some studies included gratitude activities as a part of the combined program. On the other hand  no studies focused on only behavioral gratitude expression among workers. Although studies in this review showed significant improvement in perceived stress and depression  the effects on well‐being were inconsistent. The total number of gratitude lists and reflections might influence the effect on mental health and well‐being; however  due to the high heterogeneity of the studies  further studies are needed. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34762326
34766860	Gastrocnemius Release in the Management of Chronic Plantar Fasciitis: A Systematic Review	+	Academics + Studying	The current evidence demonstrates that gastrocnemius recession is effective in the management of plantar fasciitis  specifically in patients with gastrocnemius contracture who do not respond to conservative treatment. Nt literature suggest that gastrocnemius recession is an effective treatment option for patients with plantar fasciitis who are unresponsive to conservative treatment. Gastrocnemius recession was associated with significant postoperative improvements in various foot and ankle outcome scores  ankle range of motion and power  reduction in pain  and a relatively quick return to weightbearing  work  and sports. Minor complications may occur in approximately 1/10th of patients and caution should be taken to avoid sural nerve injury  particularly when using a distal recession approach. Further research is required in the assessment of techniques to evaluate gastrocnemius contracture and identification of treatment prognostic factors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34766860
34768502	The Main Role of Diaphragm Muscle as a Mechanism of Hypopressive Abdominal Gymnastics to Improve Non-Specific Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Controlled Trial	+	Fitness	An 8-week hag intervention seemed to show beneficial effects and predicted an increase in diaphragm thickness and strength during inspiration  as well as a reduction in pain intensity  central sensitization and disability  in patients suffering from chronic non-specific lbp with respect to non-intervention. Our findings could suggest the main role of the diaphragm muscle as a possible mechanism of hypopressive exercises to improve chronic non-specific lbp. Nevertheless  the short-term follow-up and the lack of comparisons versus placebo or other interventions are the main limitations that should be considered in future studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34768502
34769700	The Impact of Psychological Interventions with Elements of Mindfulness (PIM) on Empathy, Well-Being, and Reduction of Burnout in Physicians: A Systematic Review	+	Academics + Studying	Results of this systematic review demonstrate the positive impact of psychological interventions with elements of mindfulness (pims) on empathy  well-being  and reduction in burnout in physicians. The main finding is synchronous with other systematic reviews that individual-focused and organizational strategies can result in clinically meaningful reductions in physicians’ burnout  which is to be considered as a convincing and reliable outcome. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34769700
34769831	The Effects of Running Compared with Functional High-Intensity Interval Training on Body Composition and Aerobic Fitness in Female University Students	+	Health	Twelve weeks of high-intensity training based on running or functional exercises were both effective in reducing body fat percentage and improving aerobic capacity among healthy inactive females. Relative to running-based high-intensity training  hift shows an equally effective alternative with more exercise enjoyment and much stronger adherence regarding body composition and aerobic fitness promotion. Additionally  hift resulted in greater muscle performance increases than running-based high-intensity training  after which no gains were observed in terms of muscle fitness. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34769831
34770116	Effects of a Workplace Sit–Stand Desk Intervention on Health and Productivity	+	Hair Care	This study examined the impact of introducing a sit–stand desk to reduce the sitting time for desk workers on employees’ health and work. After a three-month intervention  periods of work time spent sitting were reduced in the intervention group compared with the pre-intervention and control groups. Health outcomes improved in terms of participants’ subjective health and the pain they experienced in their necks and shoulders. Regarding work efficiency  subjects’ vitality in work engagement and self-assessment of their work performance improved. It has been suggested that the use of the sit–stand desk reduces sitting time and has a positive effect on health and productivity at work. Future research is required to clarify how best to use sit–stand desks feasibly and continuously. It will also be necessary to accumulate evidence on the effectiveness of frequent interruptions and determine the time allocated to sb at work to improve employees’ health and productivity. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34770116
34770209	Sleep Disorders in Cancer—A Systematic Review	=	Diet + Nutrition	Cancer patients can suffer under different sleep disturbances and sleep disorders  and these difficulties can be associated with different mental and/or physical problems. Side effects of cancer treatment and cancer-related psychological dysfunctions can be triggered it. Especially insomnia and osas are very common in cancer. Because of it  an evidence-based and tailored treatment is necessary. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34770209
34774295	Prone positioning for non-intubated spontaneously breathing patients with acute hypoxaemic respiratory failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Diet + Nutrition	Prone positioning can improve oxygenation amongst non-intubated patients with acute hypoxaemic respiratory failure when applied for at least 4 h over repeated daily episodes. Awake proning appears safe  but the effect on tracheal intubation rate and survival remains uncertain. Ne positioning may be a promising therapy for non-intubated patients with hypoxaemic respiratory failure attributable to ards or covid-19. Potential benefits include improvement in oxygenation and mortality rate  but there is no significant effect on incidence of intubation or critical care admission. The optimal frequency  duration  and criteria for starting or stopping proning remain unclear. Although no significant adverse events attributable to awake prone positioning were reported  awake prone positioning is not without limitations  and it is associated with intolerance  discomfort  and anxiety. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34774295
34776011	Effectiveness and safety of SARS-CoV-2 vaccine in real-world studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Health	Sars-cov-2 vaccines have reassuring safety and could effectively reduce the death  severe cases  symptomatic cases  and infections resulting from sars-cov-2 across the world. In the context of global pandemic and the continuous emergence of sars-cov-2 variants  accelerating vaccination and improving vaccination coverage is still the most important and urgent matter  and it is also the final means to end the pandemic. The real-world studies  sars-cov-2 vaccines have reassuring safety and could effectively reduce the death  severe cases  symptomatic cases  and infections resulting from sars-cov-2 across the world. In the context of global pandemic and the continuous emergence of sars-cov-2 variants  accelerating vaccination and improving vaccination coverage is still the most important and urgent matter  and it is also the final means to end the pandemic. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34776011
34778183	The Linkages Between Reimbursement and Prevention: A Mixed-Methods Approach	x	Academics + Studying	The benefits of preventive health services are widely recognized. However  delivery of prevention services encounters numerous obstacles in healthcare. It is argued that reimbursement schemes play an important role in both hindering and stimulating the provision of healthcare services. Nevertheless  there has been little focus on how reimbursement schemes could specifically contribute to the delivery of preventive health services. Ledge that there may be various other factors that interact with reimbursement scheme to impact delivery of prevention services. These can be factors related to the healthcare delivery model of a country  the level of investment in healthcare in a country  social  economic or cultural differences between countries  or differences between countries or regions in support structures offered to healthcare professionals other than reimbursement. We summarize the evidence at a relatively high level of abstraction  between reimbursement scheme and delivery of prevention services only  and cannot account for all differences between countries. Moreover  our rapid review is skewed toward studies executed in oecd countries  more specifically north america  and countries with a national health insurance (nhi) model. Jusot et al. have shown  in their 14-country study  that factors related to reimbursement were most strongly related to utilization of preventive services  with other system-level factors  like capacity or structure  playing a lesser role. This lends credibility to our assumption that reimbursement scheme is a very important factor  even if it may interact with other factors. Still  looking at reimbursement separately is a limitation  and we recommend future research to also study interactions with other factors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34778183
34783683	Virtual reality and hypnosis for anxiety and pain management in intensive care units	=	Diet + Nutrition	As there were no significant differences between groups for the measured variables  we cannot affirm that one technique is better than another. Additional studies are required to compare and evaluate the cost-effectiveness of these techniques for critical care patients and caregivers. Omised trial of cardiac surgery patients compared hypnosis  virtual reality and vrh given presurgery and postsurgery in icu but results did not show any differences in effectiveness  either between the techniques themselves or between the techniques and no treatment (i.e. the control group). At a fundamental level  future randomised controlled trials could inform us as to the phenomenological differences between hypnosis  virtual reality and vrh. Regarding clinical practice  further studies should consider multidimensional measures to compare techniques in order to establish guidelines for virtual reality and hypnosis use in cardiac surgery or intensive care units. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34783683
34827203	Effect of 12 Weeks Core Training on Core Muscle Performance in Rhythmic Gymnastics	+	Fitness	Our results suggest that combining a traditional rhythmic gymnastics program with a core training program could lead to increased strength and improved body composition. Additionally  core strength training produces improvements in trunk strength values in gymnasts  in addition to increasing muscle activation values. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34827203
34831659	Effects of High-Intensity Interval Training and Moderate-Intensity Continuous Training on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Overweight and Obesity Children and Adolescents: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials	+	Fitness	In conclusion  our study demonstrated that hiit had a positive role in promoting cardiometabolic risk factors in obese children and adolescents  and suggested that hiit had better effects on cardiorespiratory fitness and systolic blood pressure in childhood obesity. In addition  the factors of an hiit protocol  such as modality  training duration  time  and work/rest ratio  affected the training effects. Our results suggested that hiit can be an effective alternative to mict for maintaining cardiometabolic health in obese children and adolescents. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34831659
34833427	Peptide-Based Drug Delivery Systems	+	Skin	Advances in ddss in the scope of application of peptide conjugates has been achieved in the delivery strategies and therapeutic index of drugs. In actuality  many presently formulated anticancer medications have unfavorable pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties  concurrently with several restrictions on the dosage regime and side effects in the conventional dosage form. The importance was shown of the chemical reactivity of a cleavable linker that directly depends on the lysosomal ph for efficient substance release  i.e.  the acid-cleavable n-acyl hydrazine linker  enzyme hydrolyzed bonds  or non-cleavable peptide bond linkers that release the drug after metabolism. Recent advances in peptide-based drug delivery have allowed for the engineering of new stimuli-responsive peptide-based carriers (ph  near infrared light  magnetic field  enzymes proteases  etc.) For the treatment of various diseases. Ddss can undergo cyclic size shrinkage  peg linker detachment  recurrence of ligand targeting and reactive drug delivery. A number of research papers illustrate advances of the peptide-based systems carriers in terms of a great potential for targeted delivery of chemotherapy and gene interference. Ddss with cpps overcome important obstacles of drug penetration through the cells. Arginine-rich r8 peptides illustrated excellent results of crispr/cas9 complex delivery for pancreatic cancer with poor outcome. Various targeting peptides were compared  including asn-gly-arg  which have a specific affinity for binding with cd13 on tumor blood vessels. Moreover  several examples of genp designed for delivery of gemcitabine and the parp inhibitors aimed for treatment of mutant pancreatic cancer were discussed. A comparative analysis of gly-phe-leu-gly conjugated with an antitumor drug dds showed promising results and prospective application. In this review  we did not cover the area of peptide conjugated vaccines and antibody–drug conjugates  as it is a large and quite specific topic. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34833427
34833593	Effects of Touchscreen Media Use on Toddlers’ Sleep: Insights from Longtime ECG Monitoring	x	Phobias	The present results show that the expert analysis of heart rate data is a potent tool that could be used to estimate sleep quality in very young children. Additionally  in line with the recommendation that “different types of measures” (p. 16) should be combined to reliably determine the quality of sleep  the additional use of a 3d acceleration sensor was able to reliably identify rest/sleep periods. Modern instruments incorporate both technologies in one small wearable device. From a technical standpoint  polysomnography remains the “gold standard” in sleep research. However  ecg recordings with additional 3d acceleration sensors  which allow estimating sleep quality in an easy and undisturbing way  may be a satisfactory and efficient alternative  particularly regarding to populations and circumstances. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34833593
34836029	Sports Nutrition: Diets, Selection Factors, Recommendations	x	Health	This review highlights the factors that influence the eating behavior of athletes  the development of the market  providing services in this area  as well as the effectiveness of the recommendations developed. Health and weight control are important for athletes  but it is difficult to assess their effects on athletic performance. The condition of the athlete  the type of sport  the stage of the training period  and level of competition also play an important role in the choice of food. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34836029
34836084	Outcomes of a Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of the SoMe Social Media Literacy Program for Improving Body Image-Related Outcomes in Adolescent Boys and Girls	+	Fitness	Demand for social media body image interventions for adolescents is high. The present study tested a new school-based social media literacy intervention  aiming to fill the gap in available universal resources for youth. Findings were overall modest in terms of intervention effects yet notable given the brief nature of the intervention and its universal nature. Specifically  findings among girls indicated that the intervention was valuable in addressing dietary restraint and depressive symptoms at the 6-month follow-up. Fewer positive effects emerged among boys. Together  these findings provide preliminary support for school-based social media literacy interventions  particularly among adolescent girls. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34836084
35179188	Validation of the OAKS prognostic model for acute kidney injury after gastrointestinal surgery	x	Sleep	The oaks prognostic model can identify patients who are not at high risk of postoperative aki after gastrointestinal surgery with high specificity. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35179188
35179587	Effectiveness of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy–Based Intervention in Preventing Gaming Disorder and Unspecified Internet Use Disorder in Adolescents	+	Diet + Nutrition	Results of this trial showed that the protect intervention effectively reduced symptoms of gaming disorder and unspecified internet use disorder over 12 months. The intervention did not change incidence rates of gaming disorder or unspecified internet use disorder. To our knowledge  this cluster randomized clinical trial is the first to investigate the long-term effects of a manualized prevention program (protect). This intervention effectively reduced symptoms of gaming disorder or unspecified internet use disorder over 12 months  which is a clinically  scientifically  and politically important step in dealing with this newly recognized disorder. Knowledge gained from this trial could be used in follow-up studies with larger samples and high-risk participants to confirm the reduction in incidence rates. Further research is needed to investigate the effectiveness of the protect intervention in a routine setting in which educators deliver the intervention. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35179587
35185356	Insight into the biological impact of COVID-19 and its vaccines on human health	=	Health	Covid-19 is a more contagious disease. According to the study  covid-19 is transmitted both asymptomatically and symptomatically. Covid-19 is spread through human-to-human transmission or contact with an infected person. This disease primarily affects the elders and children. Various diagnosis methods are used for the detection  like rt-pcr  serology  imaging  etc. Different preventive measures are used  like ppe  face masks  and hand hygiene is essential. Vit-d is also helpful in decreasing the risk of illness and enhancing immunity. Vit-c also helps in the treatment of covid-19. Plasma from recovered patients is used to treat covid-19 patients. Nowadays  different viral-like particle vaccines  including entire inactivated virus vaccines  viral vector vaccines  live attenuated virus vaccines  subunit vaccines  rna vaccines  and dna vaccines  are available for the treatment of covid-19. This virus produces different life-threatening situations. Coronavirus will spread and cause outbreaks with different mutant strains in the future. This situation is very difficult for everyone. We must find a more powerful means of fighting against this virus. As the current epidemic continues  further study is required regarding covid-19. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35185356
35194274	The Effects of Perfectionism and Dispositional Self-focused Attention of Novice Counselor on Psychological Burnout: Moderated Mediating Effects of Cognitive Emotion Regulation Strategies	+	Diet + Nutrition	In recent years  the stress patterns of clients have become more various due to the covid-19 pandemic situation; thus  the roles and tasks of counselors have increased accordingly. Even experienced counselors reported fear and hopelessness in counseling in pandemic situation (han et al. )  and novice counselors may experience greater psychological difficulties. The results of our study address the importance of using the self-focused tendency  psychological burnout  and adaptive emotional regulation strategies among novice counselors. Psychological burnout of novice counselors should be considered in order to maintain their individual well-being and provide quality counseling services to clients. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35194274
35197656	Hysteresis and fiscal stimulus in a recession	x	Academics + Studying	The have argued that fiscal policy should take a more active role in stimulating aggregate demand to reduce the damage of the covid-19 recession on potential output and to support the recovery. It is sometimes said that fiscal stimulus should be timely  temporary and targeted. In our framework  timely fiscal stimulus  implemented in a recessionary environment  helps to limit the negative consequences of recessions on tfp and potential output. Temporary fiscal stimulus has high output and welfare multipliers  with public investment possessing larger output and welfare multipliers than transfers and public consumption. Public investment spending is the most effective when it is directed efficiently towards expanding the public capital stock for which the output elasticity is high. Our policy conclusion is that a well-spent  timely  and temporary rise in public investment spending should help limit the long-term damage of the recession on potential output  and strengthen the recovery most effectively. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35197656
35199049	The role of yoga in inflammatory markers	+	Fitness	Overall  there is a growing body of evidence on the effects of yoga practices on the modulation of inflammatory markers  namely il-1β  il-6  tnf-α  inf-γ  crp and hormones such as cortisol. When the effect sizes of the studies investigating these parameters are considered  the most conclusive data points towards beneficial effects for il-1β and il-6 levels. These two markers are particularly researched in auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes. Il-6 has also been implicated in diabetes  as well as in cancer  obesity and cardiovascular disease  in addition to the scope explored in this mini-review. The level decreases in crp that the studies in this review found are of extreme importance  as crp is a well-researched marker for systemic inflammation  in conditions ranging from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease to obesity  cancer and depression  among others. Hence  il-1β  il-6 and crp could be used in future studies as some of the standard inflammatory markers to be explored in yoga interventions  allowing for a direct comparison between studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35199049
35200684	Deoxyvasicinone with Anti-Melanogenic Activity from Marine-Derived Streptomyces sp. CNQ-617	+	Skin	Herein  a compound from culture broth extract of streptomyces sp. Cnq-617  namely  deoxyvasicinone (1)  was shown to effectively modulate melanogenesis by downregulating the expression of melanogenic enzymes. Although the efficacy of deoxyvasicinone was weaker than that of arbutin  the repeated treatment of deoxyvasicinone manifested whitening effects in the 3d pigmented human epidermis model without significant toxicity  suggesting that it can be used safely as a novel anti-melanogenic agent in humans. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35200684
35205576	Learning Competitive Swarm Optimization	x	Hair Care	In this paper  a new learning competitive swarm optimization algorithm (lcso) based on the particle swarm optimization method and competition mechanism was proposed. In lcso  particles do not have to remember their personal best positions; instead of that  they participate in the tournament. The tournaments take place in sub-swarms as well as between them. The participants of the tournament update their positions by learning from their competitors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35205576
35208580	Evaluation of the Effectiveness of Dry Needling in the Treatment of Myogenous Temporomandibular Joint Disorders	+	Health	A significant reduction in facial pain and a reduction in muscle activity after needling trigger points. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35208580
35210753	Evaluating the Therapeutic Potential of Ritlecitinib for the Treatment of Alopecia Areata	+	Sleep	Treatment with 30–50 mg once daily of the jak3/tec inhibitor ritlecitinib for 24 weeks has been shown to result in clinically significant hair regrowth in patients who have aa with >50% scalp hair loss. The selective inhibition of jak3 over other kinases may lead to a more favorable adverse effect profile than other jak1/jak2-panjak inhibitors. Additional studies for long-term effects are warranted. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35210753
35215351	Black Elder and Its Constituents: Molecular Mechanisms of Action Associated with Female Reproduction	=	Skin	The reproductive effects of black elderberry extract and its constituents have been investigated insufficiently. Nevertheless  the published reports demonstrate the stimulatory influence of black elderberry extract and its constituents—rutin  anthocyanins and agglutinin—on steroid hormones and their receptors in ovarian and embryonal cells. The stimulatory influence of anthocyanins on embryogenesis has also been reported. On the other hand  rutin  anthocyanins and agglutinins can suppress ovarian and embryonal cancer cell functions. The effects of black elderberry and its molecules could be mediated by intracellular signaling pathways regulating cell proliferation  oxidative processes  cytoplasmic/mitochondrial apoptosis and viability  as well as by estrogen and estrogen receptors and angiogenesis. The available evidence indicates the potential usefulness of black elderberry extract and its constituents rutin and anthocyanins as biostimulators of female reproductive processes  as well as the potential applicability of whole elderberry extract  with rutin  anthocyanins and agglutinins  for the treatment of ovarian cancer and other reproductive disorders in animal biotechnology  animal production  assisted reproduction and veterinary and human medicine. Publisher’s note: mdpi stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35215351
35215472	Effects of Diet, Lifestyle, Chrononutrition and Alternative Dietary Interventions on Postprandial Glycemia and Insulin Resistance	+	Finances	Postprandial hyperglycemia and ir are complex issues influenced by many factors and causes. Their management is critical for the prevention of t2dm and amelioration of cardiometabolic risk factors. Diet is the cornerstone of glucose metabolism and weight loss is the remedy for ir. The extent and pace of weight loss  the dietary pattern of choice  and the macronutrient composition of the proposed diet remain to be elucidated with large  well-designed  long-term rcts. Individualization and patient-centered approach should be the primary method of conduct. However  a balanced diet such as a mediterranean-style  low gl diet may be a suitable approach to achieve both weight loss and maintenance and ameliorate postprandial hyperglycemia and ir. Lifestyle counseling using moderate energy restriction  regular physical activity and dietary behavior modification techniques has proven to be effective in optimally managing glycemic and insulinemic responses. However  dietary plans  foods and ingredients seem to have many differences when other variables are considered  such as glycemic or insulinemic responses or hba1c. Although much more research is needed  some key points from the available scientific data for amelioration of postprandial hyperglycemia and ir may include the following: (a) lowering the total amount of carbohydrates consumed during the day to 40–50% of daily energy intake  such as in the case of mediterranean-style diets  (b) consuming the majority of carbohydrates at lunch time  (c) adding lean proteins  plant proteins  and “good” fats (such as olive oil  peanuts and tree nuts  etc.) In meals  (d) following a meal sequence consuming vegetables first  then proteins and fats and then carbohydrates  particularly unprocessed ones  (e) choosing foods that do not lead to augmented glucose excursions and peaks to nadirs  (f) avoiding eating occasions late at night  and (h) consuming meals at consistent/regular times. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35215472
35227279	The implementation of value-based healthcare: a scoping review	x	Skin	Vbhc has a high level of interpretative variability and a common conceptualization of vbhc is therefore urgently needed. Vbhc was proposed as a shift in healthcare management entailing six reinforcing steps  but hospitals have not implemented vbhc as an integrative strategy. Vbhc implementation and effectiveness could benefit from the interdisciplinary collaboration between healthcare and management science. This study showed that vbhc has a high level of interpretative variability and is translated differently in local hospital settings. While most hospitals stick close to the ideas of porter & teisberg and implement outcome measurements  healthcare costs measurements or ipus  vbhc is not embraced as an integrative strategy. A common conceptualization of vbhc is urgently needed  in order to have a shared understanding of the application of vbhc and to distinguish it from other broader concepts. Furthermore  this review revealed that only few studies evaluate implementation strategies. These findings generally point at a lack of attention for the managerial aspects of vbhc implementation. Interdisciplinary collaboration in future research on the effectiveness of vbhc implementation is therefore paramount. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35227279
35236727	Inspiratory muscle training enhances recovery post-COVID-19: a randomised controlled trial	+	Fitness	Imt may represent an important home-based rehabilitation strategy for wider implementation as part of covid-19 rehabilitative strategies. Given the diverse nature of long covid  further research is warranted on the individual responses to rehabilitation; the withdrawal rate herein highlights that no one strategy is likely to be appropriate for all. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35236727
35242204	Ultrasonic Characteristics of Diastasis Recti Abdominis in Early Postpartum	x	Health	The umbilicus is the best ultrasound evaluation point for early postpartum dra. The ird value at this point in the resting state can be used as reference data for evaluating early postpartum dra  which provides a useful reference for rapid postpartum recovery of parturients. In summary  the measurement of the anterior layer distance of the transumbilical rectus abdominis sheath in the resting state can be used as an efficient ultrasonic detection method for early postpartum dra  which can reasonably evaluate the severity of dra in the early postpartum period and provide some reference for standardized diagnosis and treatment of dra. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35242204
35244893	Blue–green water utilization in rice–fish cultivation towards sustainable food production	x	Phobias	Integrated rice–fish cultivation has the potential to increase net food (rice and fish) production  while simultaneously reducing water footprint  compared to traditionally practiced rice monoculture. However  despite increased food production with various environmental benefits  rice–fish coculture has not yet been broadly practiced. One of the potential challenges for the greater adoption of rice–fish coculture is water scarcity. Rice–fish coculture requires more water than rice monoculture. Hence  access to water is important for rice–fish coculture due to require extra water for the habitat of fish in rice fields. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35244893
35267907	Effects of Creatine Supplementation on Brain Function and Health	+	Health	It is well established that creatine supplementation can have favorable effects on measures of skeletal muscle mass and performance (i.e.  strength). Beyond muscle  accumulating research shows that creatine supplementation and gaa can increase brain creatine content which may help explain some of the preliminary benefits from creatine supplementation on indices of cognition  depression  concussion  and tbi. Research is lacking or inconsistent regarding the efficacy of creatine for treating symptoms of neurodegenerative diseases  anxiety  or ptsd. Future research is needed to determine the mechanistic and clinical effects of longer-term creatine supplementation dosing strategies on brain function and health. Future multifactorial interventions may also be required where creatine is combined with other strategies to enhance cognition or treat neurodegenerative diseases. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35267907
35269549	Uncoupling Protein 1 Does Not Produce Heat without Activation	=	Academics + Studying	Our understanding of the physiological functions of bat has continuously evolved. It is now evident that it fulfils multiple important roles beyond the core of thermoregulation. The energy-expending and metabolic sink properties of activated bat make it an attractive target for combating obesity and metabolic disease. However  brown fat is ultimately an energy-wasting organ and under tight control. Consequently  brown fat thermogenesis is highly sensitive to changes in ambient temperature and is only activated by heat loss  less active when temperature rises and even repressed when ambient temperature reaches the thermoneutral zone. Since humans usually live in an environment close to thermoneutrality  this represents a major hurdle for the development of brown fat-based therapeutic strategies against metabolic disorders  regardless of whether bat is present in sufficient amounts. In short  due to built-in brake systems  ucp1 is inherently inactive and does not produce heat without activation. Therefore  understanding the brake systems on brown fat thermogenesis may reveal novel targets of therapeutic intervention to unlock constraints and efficiently harness the energy-expending potential of brown fat. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35269549
35273778	Impact of L-carnitine in narcolepsy treatment: a systematic review on the effectiveness and safety	+	Diet + Nutrition	This study corroborates the efficacy and good tolerability of l-carnitine therapy as a treatment for patients with narcolepsy  including during pregnancy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35273778
35275399	Strategies for using topical corticosteroids in children and adults with eczema	+	Skin	Potent and moderate topical corticosteroids are probably more effective than mild topical corticosteroids  primarily in moderate or severe eczema; however  there is uncertain evidence to support any advantage of very potent over potent topical corticosteroids. Effectiveness is similar between once daily and twice daily (or more) frequent use of potent topical corticosteroids to treat eczema flare‐ups  and topical corticosteroids weekend (proactive) therapy is probably better than no topical corticosteroids/reactive use to prevent eczema relapse (flare‐ups). Adverse events were not well reported and came largely from low‐ or very low‐certainty  short‐term trials. In trials that reported abnormal skin thinning  frequency was low overall and increased with increasing potency. We found no trials on the optimum duration of treatment of a flare  branded versus generic topical corticosteroids  and time to leave between application of topical corticosteroids and emollient. There is a need for longer‐term trials  in people with mild eczema. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35275399
35276879	The Role of Macronutrients, Micronutrients and Flavonoid Polyphenols in the Prevention and Treatment of Osteoporosis	+	Academics + Studying	Adequate nutritional status is crucial for skeletal health. A balanced diet that meets daily caloric needs and contains the required daily intake of ca and vitamin d is a key factor in achieving maximum peak bone mass as well as reducing the rate of bone loss in the elderly. The amount of other nutrients in food (including both macro- and micronutrients) can also affect bone health. It should be noted that there is no accidental relationship between different nutrients and osteoporosis prevention and treatment with the exception of ca and vitamin d. the lack of these two nutrients causes a higher risk of fragility fractures. The impacts of ca and vitamin d on osteoporotic bone quality cannot be assessed separately from other components of the diet such as p  mg and vitamins c and k  which are involved in bone metabolism. Therefore  these nutrients appear to be promising for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis as well; however  further experiments and data are required. There are also a large number of flavonoid polyphenols  which are considered vital elements in reducing the risk of osteoporosis. Diets mainly rich in fruits  vegetables  seafood and fish oil supplements and specific dairy products contain all these nutritional substances and are considered healthy for bones. Thus  in addition to pharmacotherapy  this healthy diet can have an anti-osteoporotic impact (it may slow the degeneration of bone and muscle tissue and thereby reduce the risk of falls and fractures) together with regular physical activity. However  the effect of diet becomes more important with increasing age and  in addition  may depend on an individual’s genotype  gene-diet interactions or the composition and function of the gut microbiota. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35276879
35276989	Intermittent Fasting and Metabolic Health	=	Mental Health + Self Care	In summary  intermittent fasting has shown positive effects on weight loss  in addition to reducing insulin resistance and favorably shifting the levels of leptin and adiponectin. Pre-clinical and clinical studies have demonstrated that intermittent fasting has a wide range of benefits for many diseases  including obesity  t2dm  and hypertension  and in improving cardiovascular risk factors. One argument against intermittent fasting is that  despite extensive animal data  many clinical trials have failed to show as significant improvements of intermittent fasting over caloric restriction. In the absence of large randomized controlled trials testing the efficacy and side effects of intermittent fasting in individuals with mets  prediabetes and t2dm for extended durations  it is difficult to ascertain the risk to benefit ratio of the different intermittent fasting regimens. Studies assessing long-term follow-up are needed for assessing efficacy as a permanent life style approach. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35276989
35283601	Role of Low-Level Light Therapy (LLLT) in Androgenetic Alopecia	+	Sleep	Lllt represents a non-invasive  safe  and potentially effective treatment option for patients with aga who do not respond or are not tolerant to standard treatment of aga. Moreover  combining lllt with topical minoxidil solution and oral finasteride may act synergistic to enhance hair regrowth. Due to the known beneficial effect on wound healing  lllt as an adjunctive therapy in hair transplant surgery may also reduce post-operative healing time and increase graft survival. The scientific basis for such an approach is given  but there is a need for controlled studies with a higher number of patients to establish their position in the management of aga. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35283601
35288137	Association between cognitive function and ambient particulate matters in middle-aged and elderly Chinese adults: Evidence from the China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLS)	x	Academics + Studying	In general  this study revealed that exposure to ambient particulate matter (pm1  pm2.5  and pm10) for a certain period would significantly decrease cognitive function among middle-aged and elderly chinese. And the negative effect of particulate matters becomes more pronounced among people who lived in the midland of china  never drank or smoked. The results of this study further supplement existing evidence on the effects of air pollution  especially pm1  on cognitive impairment among the middle-aged and elderly in developing countries. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35288137
35298459	Recommendations for daytime, evening, and nighttime indoor light exposure to best support physiology, sleep, and wakefulness in healthy adults	+	Phobias	In line with the data discussed above  totally blind individuals can also display circadian phase resetting responses to bright white light of comparable magnitude to sighted individuals. Findings from one study in sighted individuals with pharmacologically dilated pupils are suggestive of cone contributions to circadian phase resetting following long (6.5 hours) exposures to dim monochromatic light. However  an equivalent effect is not readily apparent across data from studies performed on participants with undilated pupils. Thus  laboratory data collected under conditions that are more relevant to the real world  where pupils are freely light responsive  indicate that the influence of cones is sufficiently small that melanopic irradiance can provide a reliable approximation of the spectral sensitivity of circadian phase resetting. In sum  most of the available laboratory data suggest that melanopic edi is a reliable index that provides a good approximation of the apparent spectral sensitivity of human circadian and acute nonvisual responses to ocular light exposure. In particular  for the extended exposures to polychromatic light that are relevant to everyday living environments  existing evidence indicates that any additional contributions from cones (or rods; whose spectral sensitivity is close to melanopsin) do not compromise the predictive value of melanopic edi. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35298459
35300222	Platelet Rich Plasma and Its Use in Hair Regrowth: A Review	+	Sleep	Prp can be used as a new therapeutic option for hair loss including androgenetic alopecia and female pattern hair loss  either as a monotherapy or an adjuvant to conventional therapy or hair transplantation. Prp is also considered a safe  effective  steroid sparing  and alternative treatment for alopecia areata. Moreover  there was evidence showing that prp can improve clinical symptoms in some types of cicatricial alopecia. However  further studies are needed to determine the standard of prp treatment preparation  treatment regimen  including dosing protocols  injection technique  number and interval of optimal treatment sessions in order to achieve the maximum therapeutic efficiency. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35300222
35304431	Efficacy of journaling in the management of mental illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis	=	Skin	Further studies are needed to better define the outcomes. Our review suggests that while there is some randomised control data to support the benefit of journaling  high degrees of heterogeneity and methodological flaws limit our ability to definitively draw conclusions about the benefit and effect size of journaling in a wide array of mental illnesses. Given the low risk of adverse effects  low resource requirement and emphasis on self-efficacy  primary care providers should consider this as an adjunct therapy to complement current evidence-based management. Journaling is an adjunct low-cost  low-side effect therapy that can help family physicians in the management of common mental health symptoms that is supported by randomised controlled trials as summarised in this systematic review with meta-analysis. While study quality is overall low  the cost–benefit ratio is in favour of family physicians advocating for use of this modality as an adjunct to other therapies for common mental health conditions. Further studies are required to better evaluate the parameters that can further optimise journaling efficacy as an intervention on mental health outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35304431
35314563	Morris water maze: a versatile and pertinent tool for assessing spatial learning and memory	x	Fitness	To this date  diverse studies in the behavioral neurosciences have contributed to our understanding of the crucial role of the hippocampus in spatial learning and memory  as well as the underlying mechanisms. In animal studies  mwm has become one of the most frequently used assays to assess hippocampal-dependent learning and memory. This assay possesses diverse test protocols and analysis parameters that are applicable to a wide range of experimental conditions. However  appropriate protocols and parameters should be carefully selected  in addition to considering the limitations of the assay. For example  mwm can be excessively stressful for the animals  yet several measures can be taken to obviate this concern  such as providing an ideal test duration and performing gentle handling on the animals throughout the protocol. Given that proper measures can be taken  mwm can remain a crucial methodology in recapitulating the mechanisms of spatial learning and memory. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35314563
35326973	Effectiveness of Constraint-Induced Movement Therapy (CIMT) on Balance and Functional Mobility in the Stroke Population: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	=	Academics + Studying	This systematic review revealed positive effects of cimt on balance in three studies and equal effects in five studies  compared to the control group interventions such as conventional physical therapy  ndt  gait training and forced-use therapy. A meta-analysis demonstrated a positive effect size of 0.51 (p = 0.01)  showing that balance improved more with the experimental group cimt intervention than control group interventions. Moreover  we observed that upper extremity cimt interventions elicited greater improvements in balance than lower extremity cimt. However  the meta-analysis of functional mobility had a statistically insignificant effect size of −4.18  indicating that functional mobility improvements in the investigated groups were not superior to the control group. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35326973
35328300	Colonoscopy: Preparation and Potential Complications	x	Health	There are currently no data in the literature on the frequency and type of adverse events of the preparatory period for colonoscopy. High frequency and variety of described adverse events related to intestinal cleaning and the possibility of severe and serious adverse events is the weight of the problem being raised. It is advisable to individualize qualifications as to the choice of means and methods of preparation  including necessity of hospitalization and monitoring its course. It is impossible to directly compare different types and ways of preparing patients for colonoscopy in terms of various adverse events due to a disproportionality between groups  as well as without an analysis of aggravating conditions. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35328300
35328954	A Systematic Review of the Effect of Centella asiatica on Wound Healing	+	Skin	Based on the findings of the systematic review  c. asiatica treatment might result in better wound healing due to greater angiogenesis and its anti-inflammatory effect. Moreover  this anti-inflammatory effect may result in reduced swelling  redness  and pain in the wound area due to the lessening of pge2 and other inflammatory factors. This also suggests a promising effect in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Notably  overall effect could be increased with the use of novel delivery systems. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35328954
35332158	Gastrointestinal involvement in Parkinson’s disease: pathophysiology, diagnosis, and management	x	Health	Dysfunction of the upper git in pd  especially oropharyngeal dysphagia  are complex syndromes occurring early in disease that often remain unnoticed until severe complications  such as aspiration pneumonia  become manifest. In the lower git  constipation is a widespread and debilitating symptom with the potential of leading to severe bowel complications and even cognitive dysfunction. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35332158
35334998	Reported Adverse Effects and Attitudes among Arab Populations Following COVID-19 Vaccination: A Large-Scale Multinational Study Implementing Machine Learning Tools in Predicting Post-Vaccination Adverse Effects Based on Predisposing Factors	x	Diet + Nutrition	The arab world is still grappling with the covid-19 pandemic and its repercussions for public health. In addition to the known logistical challenges that are faced when rolling out mass vaccination campaigns in low- and middle-income countries  the present study reported a high rate of vaccine hesitancy among arab populations. Although the authorized covid-19 vaccines have proven to be effective and safe  similar to any therapeutics  they may cause a variety of side effects. These side effects are considered non-life-threatening  and the overall severity is mostly mild to moderate  while rare cases suffered from vaccine-induced immune thrombosis and thrombocytopenia. Most of these cases were vaccinated with the astrazeneca vaccine  and less commonly with the pfizer-biontech vaccine. Despite vaccine type and number of doses  rare cases of covid-19 vaccine breakthrough infection were reported. Various predisposing factors (such as gender  age  smoking  country  type of covid-19 vaccine  suffering from chronic diseases) were associated with the frequencies of post-vaccinations side effects and the overall severity. Furthermore  ml tools were used to predict the post-vaccination side effects based on predisposing factors  and the best forecasting tools were gb and rf. The global feature importance was calculated using gb (as automl)  and both srf and glm were utilized as weighting methods to calculate the importance of each component. Vaccine type  gender  number of doses  and experiencing covid-19 vaccine hesitancy and related fears before vaccination play a role in predicting the majority of the reported post-vaccination side effects. Certain predisposing factors have greater weight and importance as input data in predicting post-vaccination side effects. Based on the most significant input data  ml can also be used to predict these side effects; patients with certain predicted side effects may require additional medical attention or possibly hospitalization. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35334998
35335373	Skin Cleansing without or with Compromise: Soaps and Syndets	x	Skin	The main objective of skin hygiene is to maintain the skin’s cleanliness  freshness  radiance and overall health but without removing protective sc surface proteins and lipids  affecting skin microbiota or changing ph. Surfactants are the workhorse ingredients of soaps and syndets responsible for skin cleansing  and thus  overall skin health. Soaps and syndets are divergent and very complex molecules whose interactions with the skin are driven by several factors regarding the surfactants’ presence  composition  origin and diversity  ph  skin compatibility  cleansing capacity and effectiveness  rinsability  and mildness/harshness. Given the incompatibility of traditional soap with the skin  mild syndets are the preferred choice for providing cleansing  antimicrobial protection and overall skin hygiene to healthy  compromised and diseased skin alike. Harsh soaps readily extract endogenous skin components such as proteins and lipids during cleansing and remain on the skin’s surface after rinsing. Such negative effects disrupt skin structural and functional integrity and degrade its barrier properties over time. Therefore  it is absolutely necessary to understand the physicochemical properties of skin cleansers  their biological activity  use and potential side effects in order to successfully optimise existing formulations or develop novel skin cleansers (even personalised skin cleansers) that can benefit both the skin and the environment with minimal consequences. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35335373
35335433	Chemical Cleaning Process of Polymeric Nanofibrous Membranes	x	Academics + Studying	The objective of this work was to observe the effect of chemical cleaning agents on nanofibrous membranes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35335433
35335987	Advancing Regenerative Cellular Therapies in Non-Scarring Alopecia	x	Sleep	Alopecia is a difficult condition to treat as hair fall relapses with the discontinuation of conventionally available fda approved treatments. We have broadly classified the available regenerative therapies (“a la mode classification”) as growth factor-rich and stem cell-rich for better understanding and clinical utility. We have summarized the available regenerative cellular therapies  their mechanism of action and the available clinical trials in the treatment of non-scarring alopecia. Almost all the studies utilizing cellular therapies have shown significant improvement in hair regrowth with no adverse effects. Mscs are the core of these cellular therapy because of their angiogenic and immunomodulatory function  which will aid in hair regrowth. These regenerative therapies can be a boon in the treatment of alopecia if utilized properly. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35335987
35340216	Fermented Carrot Pulp Regulates the Dysfunction of Murine Intestinal Microbiota	x	Diet + Nutrition	As a new type of fermented beverage  fermented carrot pulp can effectively improve and regulate the intestinal microbiota and maintain the balance of the microbiome. Moreover  compared with the treatment of intestinal microbiota imbalance from drugs  fermentation carrot juice with the addition of probiotics is more acceptable in flavor and taste. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35340216
35345497	Preferred Learning Styles of Dental Students in Madinah, Saudi Arabia: Bridging the Gender Gap	x	Fitness	Both male and female students studying dentistry at taibah university had a unimodal learning preference. Quadmodal learning was popular among interns. Both genders preferred the kinesthetic learning style  followed by the aural for males and visual for females. Teaching methods must be tailored to suit the learning style of each gender to promote motivation and thriving for a successful outcome. Both male and female students studying dentistry at taibah university had a unimodal learning preference. Quadmodal learning preference was more popular among interns. Both genders preferred the kinesthetic learning style most  followed by the aural learning style for males and visual learning style for females. The findings of this study could help increase the awareness of dental faculty members to the importance of the effect of student learning styles  the significance of planning teaching sessions  and the influence of their own teaching style which should be planned to suit all students. This is important for creating a learning environment suited for everyone  to promote motivation and thriving for a successful outcome. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35345497
35345598	Cognitive dysfunction in schizophrenia: An expert group paper on the current state of the art	x	Academics + Studying	Schizophrenia is a major psychiatric disorder that afflicts about 1% of the world's population  falling into the top ten medical disorders causing disability. It is widely acknowledged that such disability is mainly determined by the core cognitive deficits that accompany the illness and still represent a treatment issue. In this view  significant research efforts have been dedicated to both understanding the etiology and course of cognitive impairment  as well as to develop new targeted treatments. However  despite the scientific breakthroughs of recent decades and the undoubtable changes in patients' quality of life from the kraepelin's era  existing therapeutic strategies have limited effects on neuropsychological performance. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35345598
35349659	Assessing the Causal Role of Sleep Traits on Glycated Hemoglobin: A Mendelian Randomization Study	x	Phobias	Our results suggest that frequent insomnia symptoms cause higher hba1c levels and  by implication  that insomnia has a causal role in type 2 diabetes. These findings could have important implications for developing and evaluating strategies that improve sleep habits to reduce hyperglycemia and prevent diabetes. Across different study designs and their sensitivity analyses with different assumptions  we found consistent evidence that frequent insomnia symptoms increase hba1c levels. Evidence supporting causal effects of other sleep traits on hba1c and glucose levels was weaker and less consistent. J.l. And r.c.r. Contributed equally as first authors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35349659
