34974957	Insights on Surya namaskar from its origin to application towards health	+	Fitness	Suryanamaskar practice is the most widely adopted sequence of asanas which has its origin from indian traditional physical training. It also has lots of variations regarding different yogic traditions of india in the modern era. The review presents the physical benefits of the practice with regards to the increasing mobility of joints, extending muscle power, and vitality with the literature reference. The physiological attributes of improving the metabolic rate, cardiovascular stimulation, and increase of respiratory capacity, improvement of mental health of the body, and proper functioning of endocrine glands were also discussed. Highlighting the yogic point of view of the benefits of suryanamaskar practice, the positive effects of suryanamaskar on puberty, menstrual cycle, and childbirth were also emphasized. We conclude from the above points that the practice of suryanamaskar is necessary not just for those who are regular yogic practitioners or spiritual seekers but for a common man, to maintain the physical, physiological, and mental health by spending very little time of their choice. If this practice is initiated to children at the age of 7 or 8 it helps grow better not only physically but also with great mental health. We propose that suryanamaskar practice could be a group activity of the family to ensure total family health. Suryanamaskar is a boon for those who want to involve in yogic practices but yet not dedicate even an hour every day. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34974957
34984093	Hair Cosmetics for the Hair Loss Patient	=	Hair Care	Among the available hair relaxers, thioglycolate is the best option as it minimizes protein loss. Hairdryers and flat irons should be used with care as far as possible from the scalp skin. Hair stiffness caused by the use of topical lotions, such as minoxidil, can be mitigated if applied directly to the scalp and in combination with a leave-on product containing soluble silicones and vegetable oils. If the hair becomes dull with excessive residue, a clarifying shampoo should be used every 15 days. It is important that clinicians educate hair-transplant patients about the safe hair care routine that will follow the surgery. In the authors' experience, a safe routine consists of daily shampooing with sulfate-free products, followed by conditioning rinsing creams rich in hydrolyzed amino acids, vegetable oils, and water-soluble silicones. If dying the new hair is necessary, we recommend the use of nonpermanent dyes. Bleaching, hair relaxers, and bkt should be avoided. Traction grooming habits should be avoided at the site of the transplantation. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34984093
35010368	The Effect of Mechanical Tongue Cleaning on Oral Malodor and Tongue Coating	+	Academics + Studying	This study was conducted in order to assess the effect of reducing bad breath and tongue coating through mechanical tongue cleaning, and to assess the difference in the reduction effect according to mechanical tongue-cleaning methods. Among the mechanical tongue-cleaning methods were: removing tongue coating using a toothbrush; removing tongue coating using a tongue scraper; and removing tongue coating using a toothbrush and a tongue scraper together. The results were as follows. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35010368
35010943	Dietary Supplementation for Attenuating Exercise-Induced Muscle Damage and Delayed-Onset Muscle Soreness in Humans	+	Skin	In addition, we need to understand the differences between natural vs. purified products. We may need to take a large amount of natural products to increase the bioavailability necessary to attenuate eimd and doms. It is also important to note that natural products may contain non-target ingredients which might modulate the action of supplements. Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention not only to the amount but also to the form of products. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35010943
35010995	Nutritional Therapy in Persons Suffering from Psoriasis	+	Mental Health + Self Care	Unfortunately, no specific nutritional therapy regimens for psoriasis have been established yet. However, numerous studies confirm the positive effect of consumption or elimination of the nutrients and food products mentioned above. When planning the diet of patients with psoriasis, one should also consider co-morbidities and implement actions to prevent the diseases to which these persons are vulnerable. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35010995
35011045	Nutrition Concepts for the Treatment of Obesity in Adults	+	Mental Health + Self Care	This scientific viewpoint is a narrative review and not comparable with a systematic review but gives an overview of various treatment approaches, which should be used and combined considering the individuals‘ needs, preferences, weight status, and cardio-metabolic risk factors. All treatment approaches have to result in a negative energy balance. Independent of the weight loss concept (e.g., intermittent fasting, low carb, low fat, drugs or, bariatric surgery), weight loss failed without a negative energy balance. Many trends like gene-based or microbiome-based dietary recommendations still lack conclusive scientific evidence. In general, weight loss studies often have methodological limitations (e.g., study design or duration), leading to results not being comparable, and they therefore should be interpreted with caution. With lifestyle changes, a moderate weight loss after one year is possible. Other approaches, such as bariatric surgery, lead to greater weight loss, but are proven only for specific target groups. More research, especially by long-term intervention studies, is needed to evaluate weight loss concepts and to obtain evidence-based tailored recommendations. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35011045
35024181	Hinokitiol chelates intracellular iron to retard fungal growth by disturbing mitochondrial respiration	+	Health	These findings suggested the potential application of hinokitiol as an iron chelator to treat fungal infections. We demonstrated that hinokitiol has promising antifungal activity by interfering with iron homeostasis. Respiratory chain dysfunction caused by the disruption of iron homeostasis by hinokitiol ultimately impeded the proliferation of fungal cells. Our findings reveal the underlying antifungal mechanism of hinokitiol and support its potential application to treat relevant fungal infections, particularly those resulting from resistant organisms. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35024181
35025093	Comparison of Weightlifting, Traditional Resistance Training and Plyometrics on Strength, Power and Speed: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis	+	Fitness	Overall, these findings support the notion that if the training goal is to improve strength, power and speed, supplementary weightlifting training may be advantageous for athletic development. Whilst wlt and plyo may result in similar improvements, wlt can elicit additional benefits above that of trt, resulting in greater improvements in weightlifting and jumping performance. The current study revealed that wlt is an effective training method to improve strength, cmj, sj and sprint speed performance. When compared with alternative training modalities, wlt may elicit additional benefits above that of trt alone, resulting in greater improvements in weightlifting and cmj performance. Wlt and plyo may result in similar improvements in strength, jump performance and speed. Overall, these findings support the notion that if the training goal is to improve strength, power and speed, the inclusion of weightlifting exercises within phases of the training cycle may be advantageous to target goal-specific adaptations while also promoting the development of a well-rounded athlete. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35025093
35028169	Analysis of Trend of Studies on Microneedle Treatment System (MTS)	+	Sleep	Most of the studies related to mts focused on skin, hair, and stability. The effect of mts on hair growth and skin improvement has been confirmed, and it has been proven to have significant effects on the treatment of acne, acne scars, and hair loss in clinical practice. No serious side effects were observed during the mts treatment, and the safety assessment confirmed that it was safe for use. 1. as a result of analyzing the studies using mts according to the study type, there were 7 animal research, 2 clinical trials, and 10 case studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35028169
35045991	Drug treatment for panic disorder with or without agoraphobia: systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials	+	Diet + Nutrition	The findings suggest that ssris provide high rates of remission with low risk of adverse events for the treatment of panic disorder. Among ssris, sertraline and escitalopram were associated with high remission and low risk of adverse events. The findings were, however, based on studies of moderate to very low certainty levels of evidence, mostly as a result of within study bias, inconsistency, and imprecision of the findings reported. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35045991
35054770	Plant-Derived Antioxidants: Significance in Skin Health and the Ageing Process	+	Skin	Plant products have been used for centuries for skin care purposes. Today, the use of natural ingredients in various innovative formulations for skin care, cleaning, and protection remains very popular. Both single active compounds and sets of compounds that are present in plants are used for therapeutic and cosmetic purposes, usually in the form of extracts obtained from various parts of the plant. Plant extracts are used because they can protect the skin against harmful exogenous or endogenous factors. The main benefits of natural ingredients include their antioxidant properties and their ability to prevent skin disorders resulting from oxs. The uv-protective effect of plant extracts is also important, as uv-induced photo-oxidative damage to cellular lipids, proteins and dna is associated with premature skin ageing and the development of skin cancer. Plants have a great potential to support skin care, but more research trials and clinical evidence are needed, as the effectiveness of many such extracts has not yet been confirmed. Furthermore, many active molecules have yet to be discovered, and natural molecules derived from plant extracts are a particularly interesting subject for further research. Many new aromatic and medicinal plants that improve the quality of plant-based products may be identified in future. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35054770
35062714	The Efficacy of Therapeutic DNA Vaccines Expressing the Human Papillomavirus E6 and E7 Oncoproteins for Treatment of Cervical Cancer: Systematic Review	+	Finances	As it was stated by who, a global strategy to accelerate the elimination of cervical cancer, 90–70–90 targets for prevention, screening, and treatment are the key to success. Preventative bivalent and quadrivalent hpv vaccines have undergone significant advancement in development and implementation. However, these preventative vaccines do not elicit a therapeutic effect but could be used as an adjuvant to surgical treatment. Dna therapeutic vaccines represent a potentially safe and novel approach to cervical cancer treatment. The main goal of this review was to discuss the effectiveness of existing dna therapeutic vaccines against cervical cancer expressing hpv 16/18 oncoproteins e6 and e7. The idea of dna therapeutic vaccines is inducing an adaptive immune response and immunologic memory via the expression of tumor antigens and activation of antigen-presenting cells. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35062714
35065636	Effects of curcumin supplementation on vitamin D levels in women with premenstrual syndrome and dysmenorrhea: a randomized controlled study	+	Skin	Curcumin supplementation in women with pms and dysmenorrhea led to a significant improvement of vitamin d, liver function enzyme test, but did not affect blood glucose. Taken together, our observations suggest that curcumin supplements in women with pms and dysmenorrhea led to a significant improvement of vit d, ast and direct bilirubin levels but did not affect blood glucose, uric acid, calcium, phosphorous and lipid profiles biomarkers. Future investigations are encouraged to look at possible dose-response association for the beneficial effect of curcuminoids on vit d deficiency. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35065636
35095450	The Effects of Virtual Height Exposure on Postural Control and Psychophysiological Stress Are Moderated by Individual Height Intolerance	+	Diet + Nutrition	Our findings show that exposure to height in a naturalistic vr environment elicits a complex reaction to threat involving correlated changes of the emotional state, autonomic activity and postural balance, which are exaggerated in individuals with fear of heights. The analysis of postural measures indicates that individuals with high fear of heights react to heights with maladaptive rigidity of posture due to increased weight of visual input for balance control, while the visual information is less reliable at heights. These findings indicate that interventions targetting posture control might help to treat fear of heights, which remains to be explored in future studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35095450
35102477	Mini-implant assisted rapid palatal expansion (MARPE) effects on adult obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and quality of life: a multi-center prospective controlled trial	+	Diet + Nutrition	In our sample, marpe (without any auxiliary osteotomy) showed a good success rate (85%) and promoted important occlusal and respiratory benefits. We observed important daytime sleepiness and osa-related quality of life improvement, as well as the ahi (65.3%), oxygen saturation and snoring duration. Maxillary skeletal expansion, mse (a specific design of marpe) is an efficient procedure for correcting maxillary transverse deficiency in non-obese young adults, yielding a success rate of 85%; 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35102477
35114987	Does aerobic exercise effect pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain? A systematic review	+	Skin	These findings provide evidence that aerobic exercise reduces pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain. Further work is needed to determine whether this translates to improved patient outcomes, including reduced disability and greater quality of life. This systematic review provides evidence to suggest that aerobic exercise reduces pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain. The findings suggest that aerobic exercise involving walking or cycling, performed at a submaximal intensity but with incremental increases, for a 4-60 min duration and for up to 12 weeks can produce a median (minimum, maximum) percentage improvement of 10.6%(2.2%, 24.1%) in pain sensitisation. These findings support the need for further work to determine whether the effect of aerobic exercise on pain sensitisation in individuals with musculoskeletal pain also translates to improved clinical outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35114987
35118035	Enhancing Toxicology Achievement by the VARK and the GRSLSS-mixed Models in Team-Based Learning	+	Fitness	In conclusion, this study demonstrated that ohs students prefer to learn using read/write with a collaborative learning style. They adopted both the modality (vark) and team learning (grslss) preference in group allocation that indicated better performance when compared to individual learning. In summary, this study guides creating a successful heterogeneity team based on the preferred learning styles. This information is very useful for improving the quality of teaching and may impact how educators create the toxicology classroom environment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35118035
35125106	Mechanisms of motor symptom improvement by long-term Tai Chi training in Parkinson’s disease patients	+	Fitness	Long-term tai chi training improves motor function, especially gait and balance, in pd. The underlying mechanisms may include enhanced brain network function, reduced inflammation, improved amino acid metabolism, energy metabolism and neurotransmitter metabolism, and decreased vulnerability to dopaminergic degeneration. Our study revealed that long-term tai chi training improves motor function, especially gait and balance, in pd patients. Enhanced brain network function, reduced inflammation, improved amino acid metabolism, energy metabolism and neurotransmitter metabolism, as well as decreased vulnerability to dopaminergic degeneration may be mechanisms underlying the effects of tai chi training. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35125106
35129580	Effect of Sleep Extension on Objectively Assessed Energy Intake Among Adults With Overweight in Real-life Settings	+	Diet + Nutrition	This trial found that sleep extension reduced energy intake and resulted in a negative energy balance in real-life settings among adults with overweight who habitually curtailed their sleep duration. Improving and maintaining healthy sleep duration over longer periods could be part of obesity prevention and weight loss programs. This rct found that short-term sleep extension reduced objectively measured energy intake and resulted in a negative energy balance in real-life settings in adults with overweight who habitually curtailed their sleep duration. The findings highlighted the importance of improving and maintaining adequate sleep duration as a public health target for obesity prevention and increasing awareness about the benefits of adequate sleep duration for healthy weight maintenance. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35129580
35140655	The Application of Hypnosis in Sports	+	Hair Care	There is a lot of evidence that hypnosis may be a helpful tool to address a variety of issues in sports; for example, hypnosis may help athletes improve their psychological quality, increase their self-confidence, relieve their fatigue, restore energy, help them better concentrate on the daily training and competition, and better improve their skills. However, there is little methodologically rigorous empirical research substantiating its value, and there is still a lack of extensive experimental evidence to prove its mechanism. As a result, hypnosis in sports still needs to be studied in more depth and breadth, and empirical verification is necessary and required. But it is undeniable that hypnosis is a simple and easy way to adjust physical and mental conditioning without special requirements in terms of venues or equipment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35140655
35155688	Exosomes Secreted from Adipose-Derived Stem Cells Are a Potential Treatment Agent for Immune-Mediated Alopecia	+	Sleep	Adsc-exos therapy positively affected the promotion of hair regrowth by regulating mir-22, the wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway, and the tnf-α signaling pathway, implying that adsc-exos could be a promising cell-free therapeutic strategy for immune-mediated alopecia. In the present study, we demonstrated that adsc-exos promoted proliferation, migration, and apoptosis remission in dpcs. The in vivo mouse experiments also supported the observation that adsc-exos played a critical role in hair regrowth, which was consistent with the in vitro results. The effects of adsc-exos on dpc biological function and hair growth in c57bl/6 hair telogen mice were investigated for the first time in this study. The underlying mechanism may involve mir-22 downregulation in posttranscriptional regulation, the activation of the wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway, and the potentially anti-inflammatory effect. In conclusion, this study provides the potential for developing adsc-exos as promising therapeutic evs for a cell-free treatment strategy of immune-mediated hair loss in the future. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35155688
35162009	External Auditory Stimulation as a Non-Pharmacological Sleep Aid	=	Diet + Nutrition	Initial digital treatment can be used by the general public to aid in sleeping before being diagnosed with insomnia and proceeding with drug or non-drug treatment prescribed by a doctor. The most important factor in the expansion of digital therapeutics is objective clinical data that can be used to judge safety and efficacy. To provide a service that can induce sleep through auditory stimulation, more clinical research on the sleep-inducing effect of auditory stimulation is needed. Most of the related studies have been based on sleep diaries. Therefore, clinical studies based on polysomnography of subjects with various conditions are needed to determine meaningful clinical effectiveness. In particular, research on methods using asmr is almost nonexistent, and more research is necessary. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35162009
35168522	Potential Mechanisms and Clinical Effectiveness of Acupuncture in Depression	+	Health	Mechanistically, acupuncture has the potential to alleviate depressive disorders by increasing hippocampal and network neuroplasticity and decreasing brain inflammation. In addition, overall clinical studies indicated that acupuncture could relieve primary depression, particularly milder cases, and was helpful in the management of psd prd and ppd both as an isolated and adjunct treatment. In summary, substantial evidence from animal and human researches supported the beneficial effect of acupuncture in depression. However, the effect of acupuncture remains to be assessed in large and well-designed clinical trials. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35168522
34836225	The Effects of 6 Weeks of Tribulus terrestris L. Supplementation on Body Composition, Hormonal Response, Perceived Exertion, and CrossFit® Performance: A Randomized, Single-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study	=	Health	The dose 770 mg · day−1 of tt used in crossfit®-trained men does not appear to influence body composition, rpe, total strength, and anaerobic performance. However, our results suggest that it could potentially intervene in the recovery process by a tendency, although not significant, to increase serum testosterone and maintain a favorable trend in the testosterone/cortisol ratio, which would mean that it could potentially influence less fatigue and catabolism associated with exercise. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34836225
34858007	Hair Growth Promoting Effects of 650 nm Red Light Stimulation on Human Hair Follicles and Study of Its Mechanisms via RNA Sequencing Transcriptome Analysis	+	Skin	The effect of 650-nm red light on ex vivo hair follicles and the transcriptome set which implicates the role of red light in promoting hair growth and reversing of miniaturization process of aga were identified. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34858007
34866922	Hair Growth-Promoting Effect of Resveratrol in Mice, Human Hair Follicles and Dermal Papilla Cells	+	Sleep	Rsv can promote hair growth and may be a potential candidate for the treatment of hair loss. Sion, we found that rsv has promoting effects in hair growth and prolongs anagen phase of hair follicle from accelerating anagen entry and delaying catagen progression. Low concentrations of rsv can also mediate the proliferation of dpcs and protect dpcs from oxidative process, but the mechanism of rsv regulating hair follicles needs further studies. Therefore, rsv is expected to be a potential drug for the prevention and treatment of hair loss. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34866922
34886343	The Effects of Workplace Interventions on Low Back Pain in Workers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	+	Health	This systematic review demonstrated that workplace interventions led to a significant improvement of clinical outcomes in a worker population affected by lbp. The meta-analysis showed strong evidence that wi improved lbp, disability, and quality of life in workers. However, a statistical increase in purely working parameters has not been described, testifying to the fact that despite the pain decreased, workers were still afraid to fully return to work. Wi should be practiced in order to prevent and treat musculoskeletal symptoms, which could reduce the work ability and increase the number of sick leave days for the workers. However, workplace interventions standardized for specific works are needed, and the follow-up should be longer to evaluate the long-term effects of wi on clinical and working outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34886343
34887808	Mobile Phone Addiction and Academic Procrastination Negatively Impact Academic Achievement Among Chinese Medical Students	+	Diet + Nutrition	This study revealed that the problems of mobile phone addiction and academic procrastination are prevalent among chinese medical students, and these negatively influences their academic achievement. Based on these results, we offer guidance for reducing the negative effects of mobile phone addiction and academic procrastination on academic achievement. Future studies are required to identify the factors associated with mobile phone addiction and academic procrastination. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34887808
34894323	Optimizing song retention through the spacing effect	+	Fitness	This study showed that the spacing effect can be used to help memory for song. Unlike most verbal learning studies, we failed to show an inverse-u pattern in which retention improved with increased spacing and then decreased with further increases in isi length (cepeda et al. ). Future studies should examine whether this result was due to our choice of inter-study intervals, or whether the large number of cues present in songs contributes to better memory from spacing regardless of isi. In the future, two additional follow-up studies are clearly indicated, examining whether the spacing effect improves memory for tunes without words and for lyric poetry. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34894323
34895868	Is ankyloglossia associated with obstructive sleep apnea?☆	+	Diet + Nutrition	The studies included in this review contribute to corroborate the association between ankyloglossia and obstructive sleep apnea. Ts of these studies suggest that speech, mastication, breathing and sleep can be affected by a tongue with restricted mobility, and that its adequate surgical release associated with myofunctional therapy can result in functional and quality of life improvement. The improvement in sleep quality was significant in patients included in the studies, in which the intervention was performed, because, after the intervention, the tongue was able to rest on the palate instead of resting on the floor of the mandible. The possibility of tongue elevation, and the releasing of the restriction so that the elevation normalizes, is the reason for the observed improvement. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34895868
34901282	Acute Whole-Body Vibration Exercise Promotes Favorable Handgrip Neuromuscular Modifications in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Cross-Over Randomized Clinical	+	Fitness	Acute wbv exercise under the hands promotes neuromuscular modifications during the handgrip of women with stable ra. Thus, acute wbv exercise may be used as a preparatory exercise for the rehabilitation of the hands in this population. This trial is registered with trial registration 2.544.850 (rebec-rbr-2n932c). Sion, acute wbv exercise, directly under the hands, in the push up position, promotes neuromuscular modifications, suggesting positive impact on neuromuscular performance and wrist rom, with concomitant reduction in handgrip nr in women with stable ra. As clinical relevance, acute wbv exercise under the hands of stable ra patients suggests positive effects on aspects of structure and function related to manual activities that involve object manipulation. Thus, acute wbv exercise may be a complementary and alternative preparatory exercise for the treatment of patients with musculoskeletal dysfunction. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34901282
34909737	A Literature Review of Real-World Effectiveness and Safety of Dupilumab for Atopic Dermatitis	+	Skin	Dupilumab demonstrated high efficacy, high effectiveness, favorable safety, and improvement in comorbidities caused by ad. Accumulating real-world data has uncovered the differences between the real world and clinical trials and revealed some issues to be addressed, including conjunctivitis and facial redness. There are still a certain number of patients with significant failure. Further investigation is needed to elucidate them. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34909737
34916940	Differential Sleep Traits Have No Causal Effect on Inflammatory Bowel Diseases: A Mendelian Randomization Study	+	Phobias	Our study did not support a causal effect of differential sleep traits on the pathogenesis of ibd, and the result could be robust because of the large sample size of the study, multiple sensitivity analyses, and verification in two gwas study populations of sleep traits. Future studies focusing on the causal effect of psychological disorders on ibd pathogenesis are warranted, as well as future studies conducted in populations other than european ancestry. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34916940
34924893	An Exploratory Review of Potential Adjunct Therapies for the Treatment of Coronavirus Infections	=	Skin	We identified nonpharmaceutical supplements (vitamin d, zinc, vitamin a, s. nigra, a. sativum, g. glabra, and u. dioica) which may have potential to provide support for those with coronavirus infections. However, rigorous clinical studies need to be performed before any clinical recommendations can be made. Xploratory review, we identified nonpharmaceutical supplements (vitamin d, zinc, vitamin a, n-acetylcysteine, quercetin, selenium, s. nigra, a. sativum, g. glabra, and u dioica) which may have the potential to provide support for those with coronavirus infections. However, rigorous clinical studies need to be performed before any clinical recommendations can be made at this time. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34924893
34936049	Effects of Exercise Training on Anabolic and Catabolic Hormones with Advanced Age: A Systematic Review	+	Fitness	In conclusion, findings from this systematic review suggest that exercise training increases basal levels of testosterone, igf-1, shbg, hgh and dhea in both male and females over 40 years of age. The increases in blood levels of these hormones were independent of the mode, duration and intensity of the training programs. However, the effects of long-term exercise training on cortisol and insulin levels in elderly people are less clear. Sion, exercise increases the levels of anabolic hormones in older adults, although the clinical significance of these alterations remains uncertain. It is apparent that exercise exerts anti-ageing effects on several physiological systems, but whether these effects are mediated by the endocrine system is unclear at this time. Nonetheless, we recommend that exercise should be considered as a first-line treatment for endocrine dysfunction as it improves several changes of the hormonal regulation that occur with ageing. Future investigations may wish to address the effects of exercise on hormonal concentrations in middle-aged individuals as this is typically where age-associated hormonal milieu alterations may begin to manifest. In the present review, regrettably we found that too few original articles were conducted in participants aged 40–60 years, so additional articles in this age category would have allowed us to examine age differences and would have permitted practical applications for each age category. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34936049
34946512	Herbal Products Used in Menopause and for Gynecological Disorders	+	Skin	Based on this review, we noted limited data are available on the use of some plants for alleviating the symptoms of menopause and gynecological disorders. While black cohosh and red clover were consistently shown to help reduce menopausal symptoms in clinical studies, currently available data do not fully support the use of fenugreek, hops, valerian, and soybean for this indication. For premenstrual syndrome and premenstrual dysphoric disorder, chaste tree shows effectiveness, but more clinical studies are needed to confirm such effect upon the use of evening primrose. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34946512
34958693	Superior even skin tone and anti‐ageing benefit of a combination of 4‐hexylresorcinol and niacinamide	+	Skin	A formulation containing a combination of 4‐hr and niacinamide delivered superior skin tone and anti‐ageing benefits significantly better than niacinamide alone with no adverse events. This study demonstrates that a product designed to affect multiple pathways of melanogenesis, inflammation, and ageing may provide an additional treatment option, beyond hydroquinone and retinoids, for hyperpigmentation and ageing. Indicates that 4‐hr with niacinamide is a potent combination promoting even skin tone and anti‐ageing benefits. We speculate that the effect of the combination is attributable, at least partly, to the anti‐tyrosinase enzyme activity of 4‐hr and melanosome transfer inhibition by niacinamide for hyper‐pigmented spot reduction. The additional contribution could be due to the multiple mechanisms attributed to both the ingredients like their anti‐inflammatory, anti‐glycation, antioxidant, and collagen‐boosting ability relevant to skin ageing. These studies, thus, demonstrate that a product designed to affect multiple biological processes or pathways may provide a safe and effective treatment option as an alternative to hydroquinone for hyper‐pigmentation and retinoids for anti‐ageing. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34958693
34960000	A Pilot, Phase II, Observational, Case-Control, 1-Month Study on Asthenopia in Video Terminal Operators without Dry Eye: Contrast Sensitivity and Quality of Life before and after the Oral Consumption of a Fixed Combination of Zinc, L-Carnitine, Extract of Elderberry, Currant and Extract of Eleutherococcus.	+	Skin	The intake of some nutraceuticals is able to improve contrast sensitivity in people who spend many hours in front of the pc screen, reducing the symptoms of discomfort and positively influencing their perception of quality of life, as revealed in the cvss questionnaire. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34960000
34965876	Effect of food sources of nitrate, polyphenols, L-arginine and L-citrulline on endurance exercise performance: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials	=	Health	Foods rich in polyphenols and nitrate provide trivial benefits for endurance exercise performance, although these effects may be food dependent. Highly trained endurance athletes do not appear to benefit from consuming nitrate-rich foods but may benefit from polyphenol consumption. Further research into food sources, dosage and supplementation duration to optimise the ergogenic response to polyphenol consumption is warranted. Further studies should evaluate whether differential sex-based responses to nitrate and polyphenol consumption are attributable to physiological differences or sample size limitations. On of foods rich in no3- and polyphenols may provide trivial beneficial effects for endurance exercise performance, while consumption of foods rich in l-citrulline, currently limited only to studies of watermelon juice, does not appear to affect performance. Beetroot juice has been extensively studied and its no3- content confers ergogenic effects in various exercise types in populations that are not considered well-trained. Other food sources of no3- require further investigation of their ergogenic capacity. Food-derived polyphenols appear to have the potential to enhance tt performance to a similar extent as beetroot juice, although more research is needed regarding its efficacy for use in highly trained athletes. No effects were evident for the consumption of polyphenols from new zealand blackcurrant, cocoa, ginseng, green tea and raisins, but significant benefits were shown for the consumption of grape, beetroot (no3--depleted), french maritime pine, montmorency cherry and pomegranate across multiple studies. However, caution should be exercised in translating these ergogenic effects to other food sources of polyphenols, as there seems to be considerable variation in the effects between foods that cannot be attributed to differences in total phenolic content or key polyphenolic compounds. Distinct responses to no3- and polyphenol supplementation were also observed between males and females, with females not demonstrating any benefit for exercise performance. This may be due to sex-based differences in nitric oxide synthesis, vascular function and oxidative stress, and/or the limited number of female studies and the training status of the participants. No3--rich food consumption increases nitric oxide synthesis, and its physiological effects are more clearly linked to increases in muscle oxygen delivery and exercise efficiency, whereas polyphenol-rich foods have less clearly established effects on nitric oxide synthesis, vascular function and physiological variables during exercise. Future studies should evaluate effects of no3- and polyphenol consumption on training performance and adaptations, as well as optimising protocols for consuming polyphenol-rich foods, and establishing the individual and test-related (e.g. intensity) factors that influence the ergogenic response to consuming no3- and polyphenol-rich foods. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34965876
34642518	COVID-19 psychological impact: The role of perfectionism	+	Diet + Nutrition	After the seminal analysis, this is the first empirical study to present scientific evidence about the role of perfectionism on the psychological impact of the current pandemic. Perfectionism negatively influences psychological distress during pandemic of covid-19 and its effect is mediated by fear of covid-19 and rnt. Personality traits and the emotional, cognitive and behavioral reactions they trigger must be considered when evaluating and treating anxiety, depression and stress related to the covid-19. Individuals with high levels of perfectionism should be helped in dealing with their fear of covid-19, namely through interventions focused on reducing its high rnt, which is a modifiable factor. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34642518
34658160	Effects and tolerability of exercise therapy modality on cardiorespiratory fitness in lung cancer: a randomized controlled trial	+	Health	In the context of a smaller than planned sample size, at and ct significantly improved vo2peak in lung cancer survivors; however, the tolerability‐to‐benefit ratio was superior for at and hence may be the preferred modality to target impaired crf in post‐treatment lung cancer survivors. Ntext of a smaller than planned sample size, at and ct significantly improved vo2peak in lung cancer survivors; however, the tolerability‐to‐benefit ratio was superior for at and hence may be the preferred modality to target impaired crf in post‐treatment lung cancer survivors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34658160
34682481	Effects of a Low-Carbohydrate High-Fat Diet Combined with High-Intensity Interval Training on Body Composition and Maximal Oxygen Uptake: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	+	Mental Health + Self Care	Lchf combined with hiit reduces body weight and fat mass while maintaining lean body mass and enhancing aerobic capacity. However, considering the adverse effects of lchf, whether its combination with hiit can be used in a range of patients and its long-term safety remains unknown. Further large, long-term, well-designed randomized trials on this topic are needed to assess the long-term safety, efficacy, and adherence to the combination of lchf and hiit. Further studies are also necessary to explore the impact of other types of exercise (i.e., moderate-intensity interval training, aerobic training, etc.) On body composition and physical performance during lchf. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34682481
34684135	Effects of Task-Specific Training after Cognitive Sensorimotor Exercise on Proprioception, Spasticity, and Gait Speed in Stroke Patients: A Randomized Controlled Study	+	Health	This study found that the tst after cse was effective in improving proprioception, spasticity and gait speed in stroke patients. Our results indicate that cse and tst training can be considered as a potential method to improve the proprioception, spasticity and gait speed in stroke patients. Diversified cse will need to be developed for broader application of the combined approach as a therapeutic intervention for the functional recovery of stroke patients. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34684135
34684482	Circadian Rhythm Dysregulation and Restoration: The Role of Melatonin	+	Phobias	Melatonin supplementation is not known to cause a classical feedback phenomenon, meaning that administration of the supplement should not result in tolerance or pineal atrophy. Theoretically, this should mean that melatonin can be taken indefinitely; however, practicality dictates that this must be confirmed via clinical study. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34684482
34684531	Maternal Nutrition and Neurodevelopment: A Scoping Review	=	Academics + Studying	An unsupplemented maternal diet may be insufficient in terms of the required nutrients for optimal fetal health. Furthermore, mothers who eat vegan diets tend to have a reduced intake of several important compounds (such as zinc and creatine). Researchers have established inadequate micronutrient intake levels (deficiency and excess) and their outcomes in terms of neurodevelopment. For instance, iron has been implicated in neurogenesis, and iron deficiencies have been associated with memory alterations and neurodevelopment impairment. These outcomes persist even after postnatal iron repletion. Furthermore, iodine deficiency has been described as the leading cause of preventable impaired mental function worldwide, with outcomes ranging from congenital anomalies and endemic cretinism to subclinical cognitive and motor function deficits. Folate supplementation is known to play a role in protecting against neural tube defects, and it is implicated in cognitive function and learning abilities. Vitamin a is crucial for organogenesis, neural patterning, neuronal differentiation, neurite outgrowth, and axonal elongation. It is of special consideration that levels above 10 000 iu have been related to teratogenesis. Choline deficiency is common during pregnancy, and it is known to alter neurogenesis and angiogenesis in the fetal hippocampus. Furthermore, some studies have shown an association between choline deficiency and neural tube defects. Copper and creatine deficiencies during pregnancy are rare, and evidence regarding their role in neurodevelopment is scarce. Considering the effects of these compounds on physiological adaptation and fetal developmental processes, micronutrient supplementation is recommended during pregnancy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34684531
34690851	Facilitating English Grammar Learning by a Personalized Mobile-Assisted System With a Self-Regulated Learning Mechanism	+	Fitness	In an attempt to address the research gap that efl grammar learning with mobile devices has not received much attention, the present study designed a personalized mobile-assisted system with an srl mechanism and examined its effectiveness with efl learners in grammar learning. Our findings demonstrate the positive influences of this system on students’ grammar test performance, regardless of their genders, indicating its value as a supplementary tool to traditional classroom instruction of english grammar. The results obtained in this study also add to a growing body of literature on mobile learning in support of its effectiveness for efl learning as well as the effects of promoting srl in m-learning contexts on efl learners’ performance. Despite certain limitations of this study, it can be concluded that the personalized m-learning system was effective for both genders in improving their english grammar test scores. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34690851
34696155	Effect of Blue Light on Acne Vulgaris: A Systematic Review	+	Skin	In conclusion, we found that blue light demonstrated improvement in the treatment of acne, especially in inflammatory lesions and seborrhea, with no significant improvement in grade 1 acne or with only comedones, and not showing scars, null or minimal side effects and that it is a safe alternative to conventional treatments. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34696155
34700052	Epidemiology of injuries in male and female youth football players: A systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Health	The high injury incidence rates and sex differences identified for the most common location and type of injury reinforce the need for implementing different targeted injury-risk mitigation strategies in male and female youth football players. Iirs and probability scores found for youth footballers in our meta-analysis reinforce the need for implementing targeted injury risk-mitigation strategies in youth football, irrespective of sex. Because iirs are higher during match play for both sexes, it is important that the training prescription mimic the demands of match play as closely as possible in order to provide the robustness and readiness needed for competitive play. The sex differences identified for the most common locations and types of injury reinforce the need for different targeted management strategies in male and female youth players. Males tend to sustain predominantly muscle injuries to the thigh, and females sustain predominantly joint and ligament injuries to the knee and ankle, so strategies should focus on neuromuscular conditioning in male players and movement mechanics, core strength, and joint stability in female players. However, there is still a paucity of data concerning female players, especially for younger and less mature female players. Additional longitudinal studies are needed to fully explore the age- and maturation-related changes in incidence, severity, location, and type of injuries that occur among footballers of both sexes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34700052
34712055	Chronic Idiopathic Constipation in Adults: A Review on Current Guidelines and Emerging Treatment Options	+	Diet + Nutrition	Cic is a frequent functional digestive disorder with a relevant impact on the qol. Several therapeutic approaches have been proposed to ameliorate symptoms associated with cic. European, french, spanish and korean therapeutic guidelines have been compared and discussed with respect to the different methodological criteria and results. Based on the available evidence, a high fiber diet and peg represent the recommended first-line therapeutic approach; it is worth noting that this approach is useful also as over-the-counter therapy. Stimulating laxatives and new agents like prucalopride and plecanatide can be proposed as a second-line therapy in patients unresponsive to osmotic laxatives; of interest, literature evidence suggest that prucalopride has the potential for being a first-line treatment for cic. There is also evidence that some drugs currently approved for constipation-predominant ibs might in the near future be approved also for cic, due to their efficacy also in this condition. In patients with ano-rectal dyssynergia, pelvic floor rehabilitation is the principal recommended method. In constipated patients refractory to any therapeutic approach sacral nerve stimulation and surgery can represent the last therapeutic chance. Finally, new promising emerging agents have been demonstrated effective to treat cic patients although only some of these medicaments are commercially available. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34712055
34717678	Microglia and macrophage exhibit attenuated inflammatory response and ferroptosis resistance after RSL3 stimulation via increasing Nrf2 expression	+	Skin	These data revealed the proinflammatory role of ferroptosis in microglia and macrophages, identified rsl3 as a novel inhibitor of lps-induced inflammation, and uncovered the molecular regulation of microglia and macrophage sensitivity to ferroptosis. Thus, targeting ferroptosis in diseases by using rsl3 should consider both the pro-ferroptosis effect and the anti-inflammation effect to achieve optimal outcome. Esent study, we showed the proinflammatory role of ferroptosis in microglia and macrophages, revealed rsl3 as a potent neuroinflammation inhibitor, and uncovered the mechanism of microglia and macrophage resistance to ferroptosis. To obtain optimal effects, targeting ferroptosis in diseases by using rsl3 should both consider the ferroptosis effect and the anti-inflammation effect. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34717678
34735372	Clinical advances in the pharmacotherapy of congenital adrenal hyperplasia	+	Academics + Studying	Crf1 receptor antagonists hold promise to avoid excess glucocorticoid replacement in patients not controlled on standard or circadian glucocorticoid replacement such as chronocort. Gene and cell therapies are the only therapeutic approaches that could potentially correct both cortisol deficiency and androgen excess. 10 years have seen great advances in our understanding of the pathophysiology of 21ohd-cah and with it a recognition that our current management is suboptimal. This impetus has led to a variety of different pharmacological approaches to improve the control of 21ohd-cah. Crf1 receptor antagonists and adrenal enzyme blockers have shown they can reduce androgen biomarkers in patients with poorly controlled 21ohd-cah, and further studies are planned to test whether they can improve health outcomes. Improved glucocorticoid delivery to provide accurate dosing in children and better replicate the circadian rhythm of cortisol either by infusion of hydrocortisone or treatment with chronocort, a delayed-release formulation of hydrocortisone, can control androgen biomarkers using an adrenal replacement glucocorticoid dose, and patients report restoration of menses and pregnancies. The only treatments in development that have the potential to cure 21ohd-cah and both control adrenal androgens and replace glucocorticoid treatment altogether are gene- and cell-based therapies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34735372
34735722	Systematic review of the safety, immunogenicity, and effectiveness of COVID‐19 vaccines in pregnant and lactating individuals and their infants	+	Academics + Studying	Covid‐19 vaccination in pregnant and lactating individuals is immunogenic, does not cause significant vaccine‐related adverse events or obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, and is effective in preventing covid‐19 disease. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34735722
34741573	Treatment options for androgenetic alopecia: Efficacy, side effects, compliance, financial considerations, and ethics	=	Sleep	There are a variety of options in a practitioner's armamentarium for treating aga which include oral and topical medications, hormonal therapies, nutraceuticals, prp, exosomes, microneedling, and more invasive techniques such as hair transplantation. The treatment of aga can be particularly challenging due to non‐uniformity in patient response to conventional therapies and even the incomplete understanding of the exact pathogenesis of the condition itself. Patients must adhere to lifelong therapy as aga continues to progress if treatment is stopped. Oral finasteride, topical minoxidil, and lllt are currently the only fda‐approved treatments for this condition, all of which may be effective in treating particular patients with aga. However, selecting an appropriate therapy for a patient should take into consideration the individual's age and aesthetic concerns, lifestyle and preferences, access to treatment, compliance, extent of hair loss, and financial budget. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34741573
34762326	Effects of gratitude intervention on mental health and well‐being among workers: A systematic review	+	Health	Most gratitude interventions incorporated a gratitude list, and some studies included gratitude activities as a part of the combined program. On the other hand, no studies focused on only behavioral gratitude expression among workers. Gratitude interventions might be effective in improving mental health, but their effects on well‐being remain unclear. The total number of gratitude lists and reflections might influence the effect on mental health and well‐being; however, due to the high heterogeneity of the studies, further studies are needed. Itude interventions incorporated a gratitude list, and some studies included gratitude activities as a part of the combined program. On the other hand, no studies focused on only behavioral gratitude expression among workers. Although studies in this review showed significant improvement in perceived stress and depression, the effects on well‐being were inconsistent. The total number of gratitude lists and reflections might influence the effect on mental health and well‐being; however, due to the high heterogeneity of the studies, further studies are needed. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34762326
34766860	Gastrocnemius Release in the Management of Chronic Plantar Fasciitis: A Systematic Review	+	Academics + Studying	The current evidence demonstrates that gastrocnemius recession is effective in the management of plantar fasciitis, specifically in patients with gastrocnemius contracture who do not respond to conservative treatment. Nt literature suggest that gastrocnemius recession is an effective treatment option for patients with plantar fasciitis who are unresponsive to conservative treatment. Gastrocnemius recession was associated with significant postoperative improvements in various foot and ankle outcome scores, ankle range of motion and power, reduction in pain, and a relatively quick return to weightbearing, work, and sports. Minor complications may occur in approximately 1/10th of patients and caution should be taken to avoid sural nerve injury, particularly when using a distal recession approach. Further research is required in the assessment of techniques to evaluate gastrocnemius contracture and identification of treatment prognostic factors. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34766860
34768502	The Main Role of Diaphragm Muscle as a Mechanism of Hypopressive Abdominal Gymnastics to Improve Non-Specific Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Controlled Trial	+	Fitness	An 8-week hag intervention seemed to show beneficial effects and predicted an increase in diaphragm thickness and strength during inspiration, as well as a reduction in pain intensity, central sensitization and disability, in patients suffering from chronic non-specific lbp with respect to non-intervention. Our findings could suggest the main role of the diaphragm muscle as a possible mechanism of hypopressive exercises to improve chronic non-specific lbp. Nevertheless, the short-term follow-up and the lack of comparisons versus placebo or other interventions are the main limitations that should be considered in future studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34768502
34769700	The Impact of Psychological Interventions with Elements of Mindfulness (PIM) on Empathy, Well-Being, and Reduction of Burnout in Physicians: A Systematic Review	+	Academics + Studying	Results of this systematic review demonstrate the positive impact of psychological interventions with elements of mindfulness (pims) on empathy, well-being, and reduction in burnout in physicians. The main finding is synchronous with other systematic reviews that individual-focused and organizational strategies can result in clinically meaningful reductions in physicians’ burnout, which is to be considered as a convincing and reliable outcome. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34769700
34769831	The Effects of Running Compared with Functional High-Intensity Interval Training on Body Composition and Aerobic Fitness in Female University Students	+	Health	Twelve weeks of high-intensity training based on running or functional exercises were both effective in reducing body fat percentage and improving aerobic capacity among healthy inactive females. Relative to running-based high-intensity training, hift shows an equally effective alternative with more exercise enjoyment and much stronger adherence regarding body composition and aerobic fitness promotion. Additionally, hift resulted in greater muscle performance increases than running-based high-intensity training, after which no gains were observed in terms of muscle fitness. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34769831
34770116	Effects of a Workplace Sit–Stand Desk Intervention on Health and Productivity	+	Hair Care	This study examined the impact of introducing a sit–stand desk to reduce the sitting time for desk workers on employees’ health and work. After a three-month intervention, periods of work time spent sitting were reduced in the intervention group compared with the pre-intervention and control groups. Health outcomes improved in terms of participants’ subjective health and the pain they experienced in their necks and shoulders. Regarding work efficiency, subjects’ vitality in work engagement and self-assessment of their work performance improved. It has been suggested that the use of the sit–stand desk reduces sitting time and has a positive effect on health and productivity at work. Future research is required to clarify how best to use sit–stand desks feasibly and continuously. It will also be necessary to accumulate evidence on the effectiveness of frequent interruptions and determine the time allocated to sb at work to improve employees’ health and productivity. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34770116
34770209	Sleep Disorders in Cancer—A Systematic Review	=	Diet + Nutrition	Cancer patients can suffer under different sleep disturbances and sleep disorders, and these difficulties can be associated with different mental and/or physical problems. Side effects of cancer treatment and cancer-related psychological dysfunctions can be triggered it. Especially insomnia and osas are very common in cancer. Because of it, an evidence-based and tailored treatment is necessary. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34770209
34774295	Prone positioning for non-intubated spontaneously breathing patients with acute hypoxaemic respiratory failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Diet + Nutrition	Prone positioning can improve oxygenation amongst non-intubated patients with acute hypoxaemic respiratory failure when applied for at least 4 h over repeated daily episodes. Awake proning appears safe, but the effect on tracheal intubation rate and survival remains uncertain. Ne positioning may be a promising therapy for non-intubated patients with hypoxaemic respiratory failure attributable to ards or covid-19. Potential benefits include improvement in oxygenation and mortality rate, but there is no significant effect on incidence of intubation or critical care admission. The optimal frequency, duration, and criteria for starting or stopping proning remain unclear. Although no significant adverse events attributable to awake prone positioning were reported, awake prone positioning is not without limitations, and it is associated with intolerance, discomfort, and anxiety. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34774295
34776011	Effectiveness and safety of SARS-CoV-2 vaccine in real-world studies: a systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Health	Sars-cov-2 vaccines have reassuring safety and could effectively reduce the death, severe cases, symptomatic cases, and infections resulting from sars-cov-2 across the world. In the context of global pandemic and the continuous emergence of sars-cov-2 variants, accelerating vaccination and improving vaccination coverage is still the most important and urgent matter, and it is also the final means to end the pandemic. The real-world studies, sars-cov-2 vaccines have reassuring safety and could effectively reduce the death, severe cases, symptomatic cases, and infections resulting from sars-cov-2 across the world. In the context of global pandemic and the continuous emergence of sars-cov-2 variants, accelerating vaccination and improving vaccination coverage is still the most important and urgent matter, and it is also the final means to end the pandemic. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34776011
34783683	Virtual reality and hypnosis for anxiety and pain management in intensive care units	=	Diet + Nutrition	As there were no significant differences between groups for the measured variables, we cannot affirm that one technique is better than another. Additional studies are required to compare and evaluate the cost-effectiveness of these techniques for critical care patients and caregivers. Omised trial of cardiac surgery patients compared hypnosis, virtual reality and vrh given presurgery and postsurgery in icu but results did not show any differences in effectiveness, either between the techniques themselves or between the techniques and no treatment (i.e. the control group). At a fundamental level, future randomised controlled trials could inform us as to the phenomenological differences between hypnosis, virtual reality and vrh. Regarding clinical practice, further studies should consider multidimensional measures to compare techniques in order to establish guidelines for virtual reality and hypnosis use in cardiac surgery or intensive care units. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34783683
34827203	Effect of 12 Weeks Core Training on Core Muscle Performance in Rhythmic Gymnastics	+	Fitness	Our results suggest that combining a traditional rhythmic gymnastics program with a core training program could lead to increased strength and improved body composition. Additionally, core strength training produces improvements in trunk strength values in gymnasts, in addition to increasing muscle activation values. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34827203
34831659	Effects of High-Intensity Interval Training and Moderate-Intensity Continuous Training on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Overweight and Obesity Children and Adolescents: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials	+	Fitness	In conclusion, our study demonstrated that hiit had a positive role in promoting cardiometabolic risk factors in obese children and adolescents, and suggested that hiit had better effects on cardiorespiratory fitness and systolic blood pressure in childhood obesity. In addition, the factors of an hiit protocol, such as modality, training duration, time, and work/rest ratio, affected the training effects. Our results suggested that hiit can be an effective alternative to mict for maintaining cardiometabolic health in obese children and adolescents. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34831659
34833427	Peptide-Based Drug Delivery Systems	+	Skin	Advances in ddss in the scope of application of peptide conjugates has been achieved in the delivery strategies and therapeutic index of drugs. In actuality, many presently formulated anticancer medications have unfavorable pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties, concurrently with several restrictions on the dosage regime and side effects in the conventional dosage form. The importance was shown of the chemical reactivity of a cleavable linker that directly depends on the lysosomal ph for efficient substance release, i.e., the acid-cleavable n-acyl hydrazine linker, enzyme hydrolyzed bonds, or non-cleavable peptide bond linkers that release the drug after metabolism. Recent advances in peptide-based drug delivery have allowed for the engineering of new stimuli-responsive peptide-based carriers (ph, near infrared light, magnetic field, enzymes proteases, etc.) For the treatment of various diseases. Ddss can undergo cyclic size shrinkage, peg linker detachment, recurrence of ligand targeting and reactive drug delivery. A number of research papers illustrate advances of the peptide-based systems carriers in terms of a great potential for targeted delivery of chemotherapy and gene interference. Ddss with cpps overcome important obstacles of drug penetration through the cells. Arginine-rich r8 peptides illustrated excellent results of crispr/cas9 complex delivery for pancreatic cancer with poor outcome. Various targeting peptides were compared, including asn-gly-arg, which have a specific affinity for binding with cd13 on tumor blood vessels. Moreover, several examples of genp designed for delivery of gemcitabine and the parp inhibitors aimed for treatment of mutant pancreatic cancer were discussed. A comparative analysis of gly-phe-leu-gly conjugated with an antitumor drug dds showed promising results and prospective application. In this review, we did not cover the area of peptide conjugated vaccines and antibody–drug conjugates, as it is a large and quite specific topic. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34833427
34836084	Outcomes of a Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of the SoMe Social Media Literacy Program for Improving Body Image-Related Outcomes in Adolescent Boys and Girls	+	Fitness	Demand for social media body image interventions for adolescents is high. The present study tested a new school-based social media literacy intervention, aiming to fill the gap in available universal resources for youth. Findings were overall modest in terms of intervention effects yet notable given the brief nature of the intervention and its universal nature. Specifically, findings among girls indicated that the intervention was valuable in addressing dietary restraint and depressive symptoms at the 6-month follow-up. Fewer positive effects emerged among boys. Together, these findings provide preliminary support for school-based social media literacy interventions, particularly among adolescent girls. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34836084
35179587	Effectiveness of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy–Based Intervention in Preventing Gaming Disorder and Unspecified Internet Use Disorder in Adolescents	+	Diet + Nutrition	Results of this trial showed that the protect intervention effectively reduced symptoms of gaming disorder and unspecified internet use disorder over 12 months. The intervention did not change incidence rates of gaming disorder or unspecified internet use disorder. To our knowledge, this cluster randomized clinical trial is the first to investigate the long-term effects of a manualized prevention program (protect). This intervention effectively reduced symptoms of gaming disorder or unspecified internet use disorder over 12 months, which is a clinically, scientifically, and politically important step in dealing with this newly recognized disorder. Knowledge gained from this trial could be used in follow-up studies with larger samples and high-risk participants to confirm the reduction in incidence rates. Further research is needed to investigate the effectiveness of the protect intervention in a routine setting in which educators deliver the intervention. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35179587
35185356	Insight into the biological impact of COVID-19 and its vaccines on human health	=	Health	Covid-19 is a more contagious disease. According to the study, covid-19 is transmitted both asymptomatically and symptomatically. Covid-19 is spread through human-to-human transmission or contact with an infected person. This disease primarily affects the elders and children. Various diagnosis methods are used for the detection, like rt-pcr, serology, imaging, etc. Different preventive measures are used, like ppe, face masks, and hand hygiene is essential. Vit-d is also helpful in decreasing the risk of illness and enhancing immunity. Vit-c also helps in the treatment of covid-19. Plasma from recovered patients is used to treat covid-19 patients. Nowadays, different viral-like particle vaccines, including entire inactivated virus vaccines, viral vector vaccines, live attenuated virus vaccines, subunit vaccines, rna vaccines, and dna vaccines, are available for the treatment of covid-19. This virus produces different life-threatening situations. Coronavirus will spread and cause outbreaks with different mutant strains in the future. This situation is very difficult for everyone. We must find a more powerful means of fighting against this virus. As the current epidemic continues, further study is required regarding covid-19. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35185356
35194274	The Effects of Perfectionism and Dispositional Self-focused Attention of Novice Counselor on Psychological Burnout: Moderated Mediating Effects of Cognitive Emotion Regulation Strategies	+	Diet + Nutrition	In recent years, the stress patterns of clients have become more various due to the covid-19 pandemic situation; thus, the roles and tasks of counselors have increased accordingly. Even experienced counselors reported fear and hopelessness in counseling in pandemic situation (han et al. ), and novice counselors may experience greater psychological difficulties. The results of our study address the importance of using the self-focused tendency, psychological burnout, and adaptive emotional regulation strategies among novice counselors. Psychological burnout of novice counselors should be considered in order to maintain their individual well-being and provide quality counseling services to clients. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35194274
35199049	The role of yoga in inflammatory markers	+	Fitness	Overall, there is a growing body of evidence on the effects of yoga practices on the modulation of inflammatory markers, namely il-1β, il-6, tnf-α, inf-γ, crp and hormones such as cortisol. When the effect sizes of the studies investigating these parameters are considered, the most conclusive data points towards beneficial effects for il-1β and il-6 levels. These two markers are particularly researched in auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes. Il-6 has also been implicated in diabetes, as well as in cancer, obesity and cardiovascular disease, in addition to the scope explored in this mini-review. The level decreases in crp that the studies in this review found are of extreme importance, as crp is a well-researched marker for systemic inflammation, in conditions ranging from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease to obesity, cancer and depression, among others. Hence, il-1β, il-6 and crp could be used in future studies as some of the standard inflammatory markers to be explored in yoga interventions, allowing for a direct comparison between studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35199049
35200684	Deoxyvasicinone with Anti-Melanogenic Activity from Marine-Derived Streptomyces sp. CNQ-617	+	Skin	Herein, a compound from culture broth extract of streptomyces sp. Cnq-617, namely, deoxyvasicinone (1), was shown to effectively modulate melanogenesis by downregulating the expression of melanogenic enzymes. Although the efficacy of deoxyvasicinone was weaker than that of arbutin, the repeated treatment of deoxyvasicinone manifested whitening effects in the 3d pigmented human epidermis model without significant toxicity, suggesting that it can be used safely as a novel anti-melanogenic agent in humans. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35200684
35208580	Evaluation of the Effectiveness of Dry Needling in the Treatment of Myogenous Temporomandibular Joint Disorders	+	Health	A significant reduction in facial pain and a reduction in muscle activity after needling trigger points. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35208580
35210753	Evaluating the Therapeutic Potential of Ritlecitinib for the Treatment of Alopecia Areata	+	Sleep	Treatment with 30–50 mg once daily of the jak3/tec inhibitor ritlecitinib for 24 weeks has been shown to result in clinically significant hair regrowth in patients who have aa with >50% scalp hair loss. The selective inhibition of jak3 over other kinases may lead to a more favorable adverse effect profile than other jak1/jak2-panjak inhibitors. Additional studies for long-term effects are warranted. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35210753
35215351	Black Elder and Its Constituents: Molecular Mechanisms of Action Associated with Female Reproduction	=	Skin	The reproductive effects of black elderberry extract and its constituents have been investigated insufficiently. Nevertheless, the published reports demonstrate the stimulatory influence of black elderberry extract and its constituents—rutin, anthocyanins and agglutinin—on steroid hormones and their receptors in ovarian and embryonal cells. The stimulatory influence of anthocyanins on embryogenesis has also been reported. On the other hand, rutin, anthocyanins and agglutinins can suppress ovarian and embryonal cancer cell functions. The effects of black elderberry and its molecules could be mediated by intracellular signaling pathways regulating cell proliferation, oxidative processes, cytoplasmic/mitochondrial apoptosis and viability, as well as by estrogen and estrogen receptors and angiogenesis. The available evidence indicates the potential usefulness of black elderberry extract and its constituents rutin and anthocyanins as biostimulators of female reproductive processes, as well as the potential applicability of whole elderberry extract, with rutin, anthocyanins and agglutinins, for the treatment of ovarian cancer and other reproductive disorders in animal biotechnology, animal production, assisted reproduction and veterinary and human medicine. Publisher’s note: mdpi stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35215351
35215472	Effects of Diet, Lifestyle, Chrononutrition and Alternative Dietary Interventions on Postprandial Glycemia and Insulin Resistance	+	Finances	Postprandial hyperglycemia and ir are complex issues influenced by many factors and causes. Their management is critical for the prevention of t2dm and amelioration of cardiometabolic risk factors. Diet is the cornerstone of glucose metabolism and weight loss is the remedy for ir. The extent and pace of weight loss, the dietary pattern of choice, and the macronutrient composition of the proposed diet remain to be elucidated with large, well-designed, long-term rcts. Individualization and patient-centered approach should be the primary method of conduct. However, a balanced diet such as a mediterranean-style, low gl diet may be a suitable approach to achieve both weight loss and maintenance and ameliorate postprandial hyperglycemia and ir. Lifestyle counseling using moderate energy restriction, regular physical activity and dietary behavior modification techniques has proven to be effective in optimally managing glycemic and insulinemic responses. However, dietary plans, foods and ingredients seem to have many differences when other variables are considered, such as glycemic or insulinemic responses or hba1c. Although much more research is needed, some key points from the available scientific data for amelioration of postprandial hyperglycemia and ir may include the following: (a) lowering the total amount of carbohydrates consumed during the day to 40–50% of daily energy intake, such as in the case of mediterranean-style diets, (b) consuming the majority of carbohydrates at lunch time, (c) adding lean proteins, plant proteins, and “good” fats (such as olive oil, peanuts and tree nuts, etc.) In meals, (d) following a meal sequence consuming vegetables first, then proteins and fats and then carbohydrates, particularly unprocessed ones, (e) choosing foods that do not lead to augmented glucose excursions and peaks to nadirs, (f) avoiding eating occasions late at night, and (h) consuming meals at consistent/regular times. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35215472
35236727	Inspiratory muscle training enhances recovery post-COVID-19: a randomised controlled trial	+	Fitness	Imt may represent an important home-based rehabilitation strategy for wider implementation as part of covid-19 rehabilitative strategies. Given the diverse nature of long covid, further research is warranted on the individual responses to rehabilitation; the withdrawal rate herein highlights that no one strategy is likely to be appropriate for all. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35236727
35267907	Effects of Creatine Supplementation on Brain Function and Health	+	Health	It is well established that creatine supplementation can have favorable effects on measures of skeletal muscle mass and performance (i.e., strength). Beyond muscle, accumulating research shows that creatine supplementation and gaa can increase brain creatine content which may help explain some of the preliminary benefits from creatine supplementation on indices of cognition, depression, concussion, and tbi. Research is lacking or inconsistent regarding the efficacy of creatine for treating symptoms of neurodegenerative diseases, anxiety, or ptsd. Future research is needed to determine the mechanistic and clinical effects of longer-term creatine supplementation dosing strategies on brain function and health. Future multifactorial interventions may also be required where creatine is combined with other strategies to enhance cognition or treat neurodegenerative diseases. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35267907
35269549	Uncoupling Protein 1 Does Not Produce Heat without Activation	=	Academics + Studying	Our understanding of the physiological functions of bat has continuously evolved. It is now evident that it fulfils multiple important roles beyond the core of thermoregulation. The energy-expending and metabolic sink properties of activated bat make it an attractive target for combating obesity and metabolic disease. However, brown fat is ultimately an energy-wasting organ and under tight control. Consequently, brown fat thermogenesis is highly sensitive to changes in ambient temperature and is only activated by heat loss, less active when temperature rises and even repressed when ambient temperature reaches the thermoneutral zone. Since humans usually live in an environment close to thermoneutrality, this represents a major hurdle for the development of brown fat-based therapeutic strategies against metabolic disorders, regardless of whether bat is present in sufficient amounts. In short, due to built-in brake systems, ucp1 is inherently inactive and does not produce heat without activation. Therefore, understanding the brake systems on brown fat thermogenesis may reveal novel targets of therapeutic intervention to unlock constraints and efficiently harness the energy-expending potential of brown fat. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35269549
35273778	Impact of L-carnitine in narcolepsy treatment: a systematic review on the effectiveness and safety	+	Diet + Nutrition	This study corroborates the efficacy and good tolerability of l-carnitine therapy as a treatment for patients with narcolepsy, including during pregnancy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35273778
35275399	Strategies for using topical corticosteroids in children and adults with eczema	+	Skin	Potent and moderate topical corticosteroids are probably more effective than mild topical corticosteroids, primarily in moderate or severe eczema; however, there is uncertain evidence to support any advantage of very potent over potent topical corticosteroids. Effectiveness is similar between once daily and twice daily (or more) frequent use of potent topical corticosteroids to treat eczema flare‐ups, and topical corticosteroids weekend (proactive) therapy is probably better than no topical corticosteroids/reactive use to prevent eczema relapse (flare‐ups). Adverse events were not well reported and came largely from low‐ or very low‐certainty, short‐term trials. In trials that reported abnormal skin thinning, frequency was low overall and increased with increasing potency. We found no trials on the optimum duration of treatment of a flare, branded versus generic topical corticosteroids, and time to leave between application of topical corticosteroids and emollient. There is a need for longer‐term trials, in people with mild eczema. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35275399
35276879	The Role of Macronutrients, Micronutrients and Flavonoid Polyphenols in the Prevention and Treatment of Osteoporosis	+	Academics + Studying	Adequate nutritional status is crucial for skeletal health. A balanced diet that meets daily caloric needs and contains the required daily intake of ca and vitamin d is a key factor in achieving maximum peak bone mass as well as reducing the rate of bone loss in the elderly. The amount of other nutrients in food (including both macro- and micronutrients) can also affect bone health. It should be noted that there is no accidental relationship between different nutrients and osteoporosis prevention and treatment with the exception of ca and vitamin d. the lack of these two nutrients causes a higher risk of fragility fractures. The impacts of ca and vitamin d on osteoporotic bone quality cannot be assessed separately from other components of the diet such as p, mg and vitamins c and k, which are involved in bone metabolism. Therefore, these nutrients appear to be promising for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis as well; however, further experiments and data are required. There are also a large number of flavonoid polyphenols, which are considered vital elements in reducing the risk of osteoporosis. Diets mainly rich in fruits, vegetables, seafood and fish oil supplements and specific dairy products contain all these nutritional substances and are considered healthy for bones. Thus, in addition to pharmacotherapy, this healthy diet can have an anti-osteoporotic impact (it may slow the degeneration of bone and muscle tissue and thereby reduce the risk of falls and fractures) together with regular physical activity. However, the effect of diet becomes more important with increasing age and, in addition, may depend on an individual’s genotype, gene-diet interactions or the composition and function of the gut microbiota. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35276879
35276989	Intermittent Fasting and Metabolic Health	=	Mental Health + Self Care	In summary, intermittent fasting has shown positive effects on weight loss, in addition to reducing insulin resistance and favorably shifting the levels of leptin and adiponectin. Pre-clinical and clinical studies have demonstrated that intermittent fasting has a wide range of benefits for many diseases, including obesity, t2dm, and hypertension, and in improving cardiovascular risk factors. One argument against intermittent fasting is that, despite extensive animal data, many clinical trials have failed to show as significant improvements of intermittent fasting over caloric restriction. In the absence of large randomized controlled trials testing the efficacy and side effects of intermittent fasting in individuals with mets, prediabetes and t2dm for extended durations, it is difficult to ascertain the risk to benefit ratio of the different intermittent fasting regimens. Studies assessing long-term follow-up are needed for assessing efficacy as a permanent life style approach. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35276989
35283601	Role of Low-Level Light Therapy (LLLT) in Androgenetic Alopecia	+	Sleep	Lllt represents a non-invasive, safe, and potentially effective treatment option for patients with aga who do not respond or are not tolerant to standard treatment of aga. Moreover, combining lllt with topical minoxidil solution and oral finasteride may act synergistic to enhance hair regrowth. Due to the known beneficial effect on wound healing, lllt as an adjunctive therapy in hair transplant surgery may also reduce post-operative healing time and increase graft survival. The scientific basis for such an approach is given, but there is a need for controlled studies with a higher number of patients to establish their position in the management of aga. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35283601
35298459	Recommendations for daytime, evening, and nighttime indoor light exposure to best support physiology, sleep, and wakefulness in healthy adults	+	Phobias	In line with the data discussed above, totally blind individuals can also display circadian phase resetting responses to bright white light of comparable magnitude to sighted individuals. Findings from one study in sighted individuals with pharmacologically dilated pupils are suggestive of cone contributions to circadian phase resetting following long (6.5 hours) exposures to dim monochromatic light. However, an equivalent effect is not readily apparent across data from studies performed on participants with undilated pupils. Thus, laboratory data collected under conditions that are more relevant to the real world, where pupils are freely light responsive, indicate that the influence of cones is sufficiently small that melanopic irradiance can provide a reliable approximation of the spectral sensitivity of circadian phase resetting. In sum, most of the available laboratory data suggest that melanopic edi is a reliable index that provides a good approximation of the apparent spectral sensitivity of human circadian and acute nonvisual responses to ocular light exposure. In particular, for the extended exposures to polychromatic light that are relevant to everyday living environments, existing evidence indicates that any additional contributions from cones (or rods; whose spectral sensitivity is close to melanopsin) do not compromise the predictive value of melanopic edi. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35298459
35300222	Platelet Rich Plasma and Its Use in Hair Regrowth: A Review	+	Sleep	Prp can be used as a new therapeutic option for hair loss including androgenetic alopecia and female pattern hair loss, either as a monotherapy or an adjuvant to conventional therapy or hair transplantation. Prp is also considered a safe, effective, steroid sparing, and alternative treatment for alopecia areata. Moreover, there was evidence showing that prp can improve clinical symptoms in some types of cicatricial alopecia. However, further studies are needed to determine the standard of prp treatment preparation, treatment regimen, including dosing protocols, injection technique, number and interval of optimal treatment sessions in order to achieve the maximum therapeutic efficiency. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35300222
35304431	Efficacy of journaling in the management of mental illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis	=	Skin	Further studies are needed to better define the outcomes. Our review suggests that while there is some randomised control data to support the benefit of journaling, high degrees of heterogeneity and methodological flaws limit our ability to definitively draw conclusions about the benefit and effect size of journaling in a wide array of mental illnesses. Given the low risk of adverse effects, low resource requirement and emphasis on self-efficacy, primary care providers should consider this as an adjunct therapy to complement current evidence-based management. Journaling is an adjunct low-cost, low-side effect therapy that can help family physicians in the management of common mental health symptoms that is supported by randomised controlled trials as summarised in this systematic review with meta-analysis. While study quality is overall low, the cost–benefit ratio is in favour of family physicians advocating for use of this modality as an adjunct to other therapies for common mental health conditions. Further studies are required to better evaluate the parameters that can further optimise journaling efficacy as an intervention on mental health outcomes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35304431
35326973	Effectiveness of Constraint-Induced Movement Therapy (CIMT) on Balance and Functional Mobility in the Stroke Population: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	=	Academics + Studying	This systematic review revealed positive effects of cimt on balance in three studies and equal effects in five studies, compared to the control group interventions such as conventional physical therapy, ndt, gait training and forced-use therapy. A meta-analysis demonstrated a positive effect size of 0.51 (p = 0.01), showing that balance improved more with the experimental group cimt intervention than control group interventions. Moreover, we observed that upper extremity cimt interventions elicited greater improvements in balance than lower extremity cimt. However, the meta-analysis of functional mobility had a statistically insignificant effect size of −4.18, indicating that functional mobility improvements in the investigated groups were not superior to the control group. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35326973
35328954	A Systematic Review of the Effect of Centella asiatica on Wound Healing	+	Skin	Based on the findings of the systematic review, c. asiatica treatment might result in better wound healing due to greater angiogenesis and its anti-inflammatory effect. Moreover, this anti-inflammatory effect may result in reduced swelling, redness, and pain in the wound area due to the lessening of pge2 and other inflammatory factors. This also suggests a promising effect in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Notably, overall effect could be increased with the use of novel delivery systems. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35328954
35356038	Managements of sleep bruxism in adult: A systematic review	=	Phobias	Based on the currently available literature, the posed question in this review of the clinical efficacy and effectiveness of several types of management methods cannot be answered in a scientifically compelling manner. The accrued knowledge is based on scientifically weak evidence: no large sample of rcts was available, short-term and long-term evaluations were mixed, non-standardized sb-related parameters were used, randomization and concealment process in the study design was unclear, and properties of the subject’s population were biased toward young and young adult subjects. Nonetheless, a preliminary evaluation of the literature suggests that stabilization splints represent a safe and relatively effective management approach to reduce emg-based sb frequency and intensity. This systematic review included a grade assessment of the evidence. It concluded with a moderate degree of certainty that the biofeedback modalities, especially ces, significantly reduced the sb-related emg episodes after a short-term period. Thus, bft also can be recognized as an effective management procedure with further research supporting its use. Evidence of long-term positive/adverse effects is lacking; thus, more scientifically robust, well-designed, longitudinal studies with larger samples are needed to acknowledge the clinical application of biofeedback management. For the practical application of pharmacological therapy, further consideration is necessary to evaluate the positive and adverse effects and the properties of the target subjects. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35356038
35359449	Potential of Colostrum-Derived Exosomes for Promoting Hair Regeneration Through the Transition From Telogen to Anagen Phase	+	Sleep	Our study demonstrated that milk-derived exosomes, particularly colostrum-derived exosomes, induced proliferation of dp cells and accelerated hair regeneration through activation of the wnt/β-catenin pathway. Compared to commercially available minoxidil, milk-derived exosomes are bio-products with fewer adverse effects due to their high biocompatibility and have advantages as a pharmaceutical product by securing high stability through freeze-drying. Note that if hair follicles are dead, gone, or beyond repair, colostrum-derived exosomes will have the potential to protect and enhance the hair follicles that can be rejuvenated. Therefore, milk-exo, a safe and biocompatible material could be one of the most efficient modalities to combat hair loss. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35359449
35366847	Effectiveness of physiotherapy interventions for back care and the prevention of non-specific low back pain in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis	=	Fitness	Recent studies provide strong support for the use of physiotherapy in the improvement of back care and prevention of non-specific low back pain in children and adolescents. Based on grade methodology, we found that the evidence was from very low to moderate quality and interventions involving physical exercise, postural hygiene and physical activity should be preferred. The most effective preventive physiotherapy interventions to improve back care in children and adolescents and prevent non-specific low back pain were physical exercise, postural hygiene and physical activity. These treatments achieved statistically significant improvements in back care knowledge, back care behaviour, posture, trunk extension endurance and hamstring flexibility. Based on grade methodology, we found that the evidence ranged from very low to moderate quality. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35366847
35370840	Treatment of Spider Phobia Using Repeated Exposures and Adjunctive Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Proof-of-Concept Study	=	Diet + Nutrition	This proof-of-concept study provides preliminary evidence that a sequential exposure and itbs over vmpfc is feasible and may have rtms intensity-dependent effects on treatment outcomes, providing evidence for future areas of study in the use of rtms for phobias. This study demonstrates the feasibility of adjunctive use of rtms with exposure therapy in a sample of phobic subjects. We found improvement across subjects in active and control conditions, and post-hoc analyses showed that higher vmpfc rtms intensity correlated with greater improvements in behavioral and physiologic distress. These data, in conjunction with prior work, preliminarily suggest that rtms may have beneficial effects to enhance exposure therapy. Further work is needed to explore the beneficial nature of rtms and to further clarify the protocols and parameters to be used for treatment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35370840
35399819	Insights into forsythia honeysuckle (Lianhuaqingwen) capsules: A Chinese herbal medicine repurposed for COVID-19 pandemic	+	Health	This review summarizes the available reports and evidence that support the use of lh capsules as potential drug candidates for the prevention and treatment of covid-19. However, tcm exerts its effects through multiple targets and multiple pathways, and lh capsules are not an exception. Therefore, the relevant mechanisms need to be further improved and experimentally verified. Tcm has a long history and involves holistic concepts, including the balance of yin and yang and syndrome differentiation and treatment, and is thus quite different from western medicine. Due to the unique knowledge and experience regarding tcm in the prevention and control of diseases, tcm has played an indispensable role in the prevention and treatment of several epidemics. During the sars epidemic in 2003, tcm intervention achieved remarkable results. Covid-19 was rapidly controlled in china, and the use of tcm has also played a vital role. According to statistics, the proportion of tcm in the treatment of confirmed cases in china has reached 92%, and the usage and total effective rate of tcm in confirmed cases in hubei province have exceeded 90%. Moreover, during the treatment of covid-19, china has also provided experience regarding the use of traditional medicine to italy, germany, japan, south korea, pakistan and other countries. In addition to china, the japanese traditional chinese medicine association advised that covid-19 patients take kampo medicines, including maxing shigan tang, depending on their symptoms, and india's ayush ministry also recommends the use of turmeric, knotweed, liquorice and other botanicals to prevent and treat covid-19 by reducing the risk of infection and inducing anti-viral effects. The experience regarding the treatment of covid-19 has also proven that the use of tcm exerts significant effects on the time of nucleic acid conversion and ct image improvement rate. It is an important way for improving the cure rate, shorten the course of the disease, delay the progression of the disease, and reduce the mortality rate. It is worth recognizing that lh capsules are the most widely used tcm for the treatment of covid-19. In the diagnosis and treatment guidelines of 2019 new coronavirus pneumonia promulgated by the general office of the nhc and the state administration of tcm, lh capsules were recommended for individuals in the medical observation period. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35399819
35401888	Botox (OnabotulinumtoxinA) for Treatment of Migraine Symptoms: A Systematic Review	+	Health	The use of bont-a is a low-cost option for the treatment of various kinds of migraines, including chronic, episodic, unilateral, and vestibular types. Bont-a can reduce the frequency of migraine attacks per month and diminish the severity of pain. In general, it can be noted that the use of bont-a, which is a type of botox to treat migraines, is an effective and cost-effective option for the treatment of migraine. On the one hand, migraine disrupts qol and can cause disability. Bont-a treatment has effective benefits such as reducing the frequency and severity of headaches, improving disability status, and positively influencing health-related qol. Furthermore, bont-a treatment reduces the use of other medications and emergency visits, both of which make bont-a treatment more cost-effective. No side effects other than neck pain have been reported following bont-a injection for several days. Further studies are recommended to determine whether treatment with bont-a has long-term side effects and whether it can be used as a treatment option if there are some underlying diseases. In addition, future studies may investigate the safety of using bont-a in pregnancy without causing complications for the mother and fetus. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35401888
35402465	Comfort During Non-invasive Ventilation	+	Diet + Nutrition	In conclusion, net of the underlying pathological disease, enhancing the patient comfort, seems the best strategy to improve the niv rate of success, especially when niv is administered for a prolonged period of time, also in combination with app as rescue therapy. Accordingly, a strict comfort assessment with the “ad hoc” corrective measures is mandatory to prevent niv discontinuation related to poor patient's tolerance. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35402465
35403328	Fine particulate matter exposure aggravates ischemic injury via NLRP3 inflammasome activation and pyroptosis	=	Skin	These results suggested that pm2.5 exposure triggered the activation of nlrp3 inflammasome and pyroptosis under ischemic conditions, which may be mediated by increased ros production after ischemic stroke. These findings may provide a more enhanced understanding of the interplay between pm2.5 and neuroinflammation and cell death, and reveal a novel mechanism of pm2.5‐mediated toxic effects after ischemic stroke. In the present study, we demonstrated that pm2.5 exposure triggered the activation of the nlrp3 inflammasome and pyroptosis under ischemic conditions, which may be mediated by increased ros production after ischemic stroke. The findings of the present study provide a more enhanced understanding of the interplay between pm2.5 and neuroinflammation and cell death, and reveal a novel mechanism of pm2.5‐mediated suppression of intracellular inflammatory responses after ischemic stroke. These findings may be meaningful for both environmental and health policy developments related to air pollution and stroke prevention. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35403328
35403996	Effects of High-Intensity Interval Training in School on the Physical Performance and Health of Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis	+	Health	Compared to other forms of exercise (e.g. low-to-moderate-intensity running or walking), both intra- and extra-pe hiit result in greater improvements in neuromuscular and anaerobic performance, as well as in fasting levels of glucose in school children. Based on this synthetic review and meta-analysis, we conclude that children and adolescents who perform intra- and extra-pe hiit demonstrate more pronounced improvement in parameters related to neuromuscular performance (i.e. number of push-ups and sit-ups), anaerobic performance and flexibility, as well as in fasting levels of blood glucose, than those who engage in other types of exercise. In contrast, intra- and extra-pe hiit were associated with less improvement in indicators of cardiovascular fitness (maximal oxygen uptake, maximal heart rate, diastolic and systolic blood pressure) and in body composition (body mass index, weight, percentage body fat). In order to be able to draw definitive conclusions, as well as to assess the feasibility of different types of exercise interventions, we strongly recommend that the designs of the hiit and control interventions be matched appropriately, and that compliance and feasibility be determined. In addition, the methodological quality of future investigations in this area needs to be higher than that of those analysed here. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35403996
35415322	Effects of Cosmetic Emulsions on the Surface Properties of Mongolian Hair	=	Procrastination	In this work, the effects of common oxidative bleaching on the properties of mongolian hair were investigated with respect to morphology, structure, composition, and wettability. In addition to well-established characterization techniques such as atomic force microscopy and x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, we also employed novel and powerful methods to trace changes in terms of surface energies (using inverse gas chromatography) and haptic perception (using a biomimetic measurement system). The different analyses paint a consistent picture and identify the depletion or even large-area removal of the lipid β-layer present on the native hair surface as the major cause of damage and related changes in properties. This results in increased roughness and the exposure of more polar entities at the hair surface, which increases the wettability by water as well as the apparent surface energy. The damage also leads to a significant loss of hair shininess and softness, causing a “strawy” feeling, as reflected in the measured friction-related haptic parameters. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35415322
35416941	Association Between Physical Activity and Risk of Depression	+	Skin	This systematic review and meta-analysis of associations between physical activity and depression suggests significant mental health benefits from being physically active, even at levels below the public health recommendations. Health practitioners should therefore encourage any increase in physical activity to improve mental health. This meta-analysis found an association between physical activity and incident depression. This suggests substantial mental health benefits can be achieved at physical activity levels even below the public health recommendations, with additional benefit for meeting the minimum recommended target but limited extra benefit beyond that. Assuming causality, 1 in 9 cases of depression might have been prevented if everybody in the population was active at the level of current health recommendations. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35416941
35432044	Addiction of High Dose of Benzodiazepine: Verona Detox Approach With Flumazenil	=	Finances	To this day, the largest database of flu detoxification was published by our group, showing how this treatment is safe, with very little side effects even in patients with significant medical comorbidities. Suggesting gradual tapering of the dose to hdus patients is like suggesting that alcoholics gradually stop drinking: it simply doesn’t work, and the problem is aggravated by the fact that the tapering bzds takes a lot of time. The crucial point is that these hdus have been the subject of very little studies, and are virtually ignored in research and clinical practice, which tend to confine themselves to patients with co-addictions and personality disorders. But the situation is more complex. The capacity of bzds to create tolerance, along with their low toxicity, can induce truly stupefying increments in dosage. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35432044
35432457	Identification of a Novel Deep Intronic Variant by Whole Genome Sequencing Combined With RNA Sequencing in a Chinese Patient With Menkes Disease	=	Sleep	Our finding of the variant enlarges the variant spectrum in the atp7a gene. This is a novel deep intronic variant which leads to the activation of a pseudo-exons in the atp7a gene, and it demonstrates the usefulness of wgs combined with rna-seq, in terms of revealing disease-causing variants in non-coding regions. Furthermore, the fact that the deep intronic variants cause disease by the activation of pseudo-exon inclusion indicates that this might be an important mechanism in md. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35432457
35444784	Recent Progress in Traditional Chinese Medicines and Their Mechanism in the Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis	+	Skin	In this review, we discussed a series of classical, traditional chinese medications, including centipeda minima, scutellaria baicalensis, licorice root (glycyrrhiza uralensis), and others, as potential antiallergic agents and investigate their in vivo effect upon the production of cytokines and release of histamines for allergic rhinitis treatment. The current review entails a detailed discussion regarding traditional chinese medicines used to treat allergic rhinitis. The study also outlines the limitation of the currently marketed drugs such as intranasal antihistamines and corticosteroids, which have been shown to possess multiple side effects. On the contrary, chinese traditional medicines have been found to regulate the production of cytokines, including il-5 and il-6, which are the major mediators of eosinophilic inflammation, tnf-α which recruits th2 cells at the site of inflammation, and nf-кb which is needed for the production of cytokines and ige antibodies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35444784
35449006	Review of a frugal cooling mattress to induce therapeutic hypothermia for treatment of hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy in the UK NHS	+	Academics + Studying	Pcm cooling mattresses offer a promising and cost-saving solution that should be considered for adoption by the nhs to ensure timely initiation of th in remote areas of the uk where alternatives might not be readily available. This frugal innovation may help to reduce disparity in availability of treatment across the uk while meeting the challenges currently experienced by the nhs in terms of lack of funding and staff shortage. Further research is needed to provide evidence of effectiveness in the context of the nhs, as well as to understand changes in practice with respect to what is currently in use, in terms of supervision to monitor the device and amount of intensive care required. Moreover, further investigation into manufacturing and commercialisation of the product in the uk is needed, including a hta by nice. Lastly, bias against research and development from low-resource settings should not undermine the value behind such a promising innovation. These findings may be valuable for any hic that experiences challenges in the provision of th in geographically remote areas due to lack of cooling equipment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35449006
35457394	Effect of CrossFit Training on Physical Fitness of Kickboxers	+	Fitness	The experimental training program based on the principles of crossfit training had a positive effect on the physical fitness of the kickboxers in terms of strength, flexibility, agility, and speed indices in the experimental group. The experimental training program based on the principles of crossfit training had a positive effect on special physical fitness. There were significant correlations in the parameters of special and general fitness, i.e., cooper test vs. total of punches and kicks, shuttle run vs. hip-turning speed, and tapping vs. punching speed after the experimental training program. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35457394
35457792	Effects of Mixed-Gender Competition: Choking under Pressure in a Dynamic Tournament	=	Hair Care	This study conducted an analysis to test the hypothesis that male, female and mixed-gender interim leaders react differently under competitive pressure in dynamic tournaments. Using figure skating as a real-life professional competition, the results confirmed the following with regard to segregated- and mixed-gender competitions: (1) female interim leaders perform poorly when a highly-qualified trailing skater, specifically a recent gold medalist, tails them most closely. (2) female interim leaders also underperform when they compete at their home field, but this home disadvantage does not apply to first rank holders. (3) male interim leaders are not influenced by highly-qualified trailing skaters, and perform better in home-field competitions. (4) instead, male interim leaders underperform when they are tailing competitors with large score gaps. (5) in mixed-gender competitions, all of these gender-specific influences disappear. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35457792
35458110	Sleep Deprivation: Effects on Weight Loss and Weight Loss Maintenance	+	Phobias	This narrative review highlights current evidence on the effects of poor sleep on weight management. Disturbed sleeping patterns, in terms of both quantity and quality, have been documented to lead to an increase in energy intake, mainly from snacking, especially on foods rich in fat and carbohydrates. The relationship between sleep and weight loss seems bi-directional, and although studies up to date use different intervention protocols and/or outcome measures, there is an evident dysregulation of the neuroendocrine appetite control system during sleep deprivation that alters the metabolic rate, with a negative impact on weight maintenance or weight loss interventions. Further research should focus on determining the most effective sleeping patterns for optimal hormonal and metabolic function to facilitate and maintain weight loss in overweight and obese individuals, without overlooking the age-related differentiations due to neuroendocrine and lifestyle changes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35458110
35465186	College Calisthenics Teaching Based on Information Technology	+	Fitness	With the vigorous development of “internet plus education ” the integration of educational resources and the continuous optimization of teaching platforms will greatly enrich the content and form of aerobics information teaching. At that time, aerobics teaching can make systematic personalized courses by using vr and other high-tech tools according to different audiences, so as to meet the learning demands of different audiences. Through the experimental data, it can be seen that the control group using traditional education is obviously weaker than the experimental group using information-based teaching. This paper analyzes that information-based education can effectively improve the effect of aerobics education, and it is easier to achieve the goal of aerobics teaching. Information technology is an education method, but based on this technology, the expansibility of aerobics teaching has been greatly improved, which is more in line with the current is education requirements than the traditional teaching mode. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35465186
