32802176	Silver nanoparticles: Synthesis, medical applications and biosafety	x	Skin	Over decades, agnps have been studied rapidly and extensively due to the unique physical, chemical, optical, electronic and catalytic properties. These properties are closely related to characteristics of agnps, especially the size and shape. Agnps with different characteristics can be produced by physical, chemical and biological routes. External energy sources such as light, heat, electricity, sound and microwave can be used in the synthesis process. Various factors should be considered in the synthesis of agnps with expected size and shape. Besides the types of precursor salts, additives such as reducing agents, capping agents and stabilizers, as well as the importance of reaction parameters, including reaction temperature, time, ph and extra energy sources should be recognized in the production process. Among these methods, biological synthesis using bacteria, fungi and plant extract proves a simple, environmentally friendly, cost-effective and reliable approach. Compared with physical and chemical methods, biological method does not require high temperature or toxic/hazardous additives, but the potential pathogens need to be carefully considered. We review the synthesis methods of agnps and compare the advantages and disadvantages to help understand how to obtain nanoparticles with controlled size and shape. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32802176
32824200	Muscle Protein Synthesis and Whole-Body Protein Turnover Responses to Ingesting Essential Amino Acids, Intact Protein, and Protein-Containing Mixed Meals with Considerations for Energy Deficit	+	Health	In this review, we summarized how supplemental free-form eaa, supplemental intact protein, and protein-containing mixed meal formats moderate mps during energy balance. It appears that ingesting formats that provide ~20 to 30 g or 0.25–0.30 g/kg protein or ~10g or 0.10g/kg free-form eaa per dose optimizes mps in healthy, non-obese individuals consuming habitual protein intakes of 1.6 g/kg/day during optimal conditions, such as following resistance exercise and in the absence of energy deficit. However, knowledge gaps remain, including the optimal dose of eaa during the catabolic stress of energy deficit, as well as how whole-food-containing mixed meals directly compare to supplemental free-form eaa and isolated intact proteins. Lastly, future studies should include simultaneous assessments of mps, muscle protein breakdown, and whole-body protein balance to fully evaluate the efficacy of feeding formats in supporting body protein balance. Systematically addressing these gaps, while clarifying previous work, will provide the information required to quantify the relationship between feeding format and mps as well as whole-body protein balance. This will ultimately aid in practical recommendations for when supplemental free-form eaa, supplemental intact protein, and protein-containing mixed meals should be consumed to optimally support total-body protein during energy deficit. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32824200
32849081	Is Adult Second Language Acquisition Defective?	i	Fitness	The grammars of adult l2 learners are often regarded as “incomplete” or “defective” in some way compared to those of native speakers. However, the results reported here show that a considerable proportion of adult learners can, and do, perform within the normal native speaker range on tests tapping grammatical knowledge, particularly in those aspects of grammar, which make a clear difference to meaning. Given the differences in the quantity and quality of the input that is typically available to l1 and l2 learners, as well as the other differences discussed in the preceding section (learned attention, motivation), it is simply wrong to think of l2 learning as “defective.” even if there is a critical period, or critical periods, for certain aspects of language, we should not neglect the fact that adult l2 learners are extremely efficient learners in many other areas. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32849081
32850518	Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn: Pathophysiological Mechanisms and Novel Therapeutic Approaches	x	Health	Recent progress in understanding the pathophysiology of pphn, reviewed in this article, opens doors to targeted novel therapeutic options, more specific and potentially more effective, particularly relevant for pphn resistant to current treatment or in settings in which ino is unavailable. Of those, sildenafil is the most studied in human newborns, and its clinical use is recommended in ino-resistant infants. Besides, smaller observational studies report clinical benefit of prostaglandins, milrinone, and bosentan as vasodilators in newborns with pphn, as well as glucocorticoids in the context of augmented inflammation. Recent progress in understanding the pathophysiology of pphn, reviewed in this article, opens doors to targeted novel therapeutic options, more specific and potentially more effective, particularly relevant for pphn resistant to current treatment or in settings in which ino is unavailable. Of those, sildenafil is the most studied in human newborns, and its clinical use is recommended in ino-resistant infants. Besides, smaller observational studies report clinical benefit of prostaglandins, milrinone, and bosentan as vasodilators in newborns with pphn, as well as glucocorticoids in the context of augmented inflammation. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32850518
32856992	The Impact of Alcohol on L1 versus L2	i	Fitness	Despite the limitations of this study and of the partial differences between our observations and those of previous research, the idea that alcohol intoxication has a differential effect in a first and a non-native language seems to be supported. Although pronunciation in an l1 suffers a deficit in intelligibility when the individual is under the influence of alcohol, this effect does not seem to extend to l2 articulation. Rather, pronunciation in an l2 seems to be modulated by other factors such as proficiency and number of foreign languages spoken. We argue that this l1-l2 discrepancy could potentially be accounted for in terms of reduced transfer of l1 motor patterns onto l2 pronunciation, or to a selective effect of alcohol on each of the two linguistic subsystems. Ideally, future research should attempt to investigate the mechanisms that underlie such divergence. Despite the limitations of this study and of the partial differences between our observations and those of previous research, the idea that alcohol intoxication has a differential effect in a first and a non-native language seems to be supported. Although pronunciation in an l1 suffers a deficit in intelligibility when the individual is under the influence of alcohol, this effect does not seem to extend to l2 articulation. Rather, pronunciation in an l2 seems to be modulated by other factors such as proficiency and number of foreign languages spoken. We argue that this l1-l2 discrepancy could potentially be accounted for in terms of reduced transfer of l1 motor patterns onto l2 pronunciation, or to a selective effect of alcohol on each of the two linguistic subsystems. Ideally, future research should attempt to investigate the mechanisms that underlie such divergence. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32856992
32867133	The Prediction of Infectious Diseases: A Bibliometric Analysis	x	Hair Care	Emerging technologies provide many opportunities for improving the precision of infectious diseases prediction. According to figure 3, it can be found science and technology-other topics is the top 3 subject category. Recently, some studies have discussed the emerging technologies to predict infectious diseases, including remote sensing technology, artificial intelligence, big data analysis, social media. The emergence of new technologies is important for researches and scholars to improve the prediction precision of infectious diseases. As a result, how to find more effective and reliable new techniques to rapid responses the demands of the prediction can be explored in the future. During the past few decades, there have been many reviews about the prediction of infectious diseases, but no in-depth scientometrics analysis. In this paper, a bibliometric study of the prediction of the infectious diseases domain is presented, which objectively analyzes the current status and research hotspots from the perspective of bibliometrics with the help of citespace and vosviewer visualization software. Based on the downloaded data from wos core collection, we obtain 1880 related publications in the field of prediction of infectious diseases. To find more meaningful results, we implement the bibliometric analysis, including collaborative network analysis, co-citation analysis, and co-occurrence analysis. In this study, there are some limitations that should be considered in the future. We only employ data from the database of ssci and scie in the wos core collection to search for the prediction of infectious diseases, which may lead to less perfect results of bibliometric analysis. Furthermore, the number of prediction of infectious diseases-related publications may increase in 2020 because new documents will be published in this year. Thus, we will increase other databases, such as scopus, google scholar and pubmed to conduct a perfect comparative analysis between journal articles and conference papers to obtain a thorough understanding of the prediction of infectious diseases domain, and then we will implement a complete annual bibliometric analysis in a future study. In addition, we will consider a comprehensive analysis of the highly cited publications for their contents to further detect the evolution of the topical areas and provide new insights instead of the current narrower scope that is based on mixed documents of prediction of infectious diseases-related. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32867133
32870936	Yoga compared to non-exercise or physical therapy exercise on pain, disability, and quality of life for patients with chronic low back pain: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials	=	Health	This meta-analysis provided evidence from very low to moderate investigating the effectiveness of yoga for chronic low back pain patients at different time points. Yoga might decrease pain from short term to intermediate term and improve functional disability status from short term to long term compared with non-exercise (e.g. usual care, education). Yoga had the same effect on pain and disability as any other exercise or physical therapy. Yoga might not improve the physical and mental quality of life based on the result of a merging. This meta-analysis provided evidence from very low to moderate to investigate the effectiveness of yoga for chronic low back pain patients at different time points. Yoga might decrease pain from short term to intermediate term and improve functional disability status from short term to long term compared with non-exercise (e.g. usual care, education). Yoga had the same effect on pain and disability as any other exercise or physical therapy. Yoga might not improve the physical and mental quality of life based on the result of a merging. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32870936
32874088	The Effectiveness of Aromatherapy in the Management of Labor Pain and Anxiety: A Systematic Review	+	Skin	The evidences from this study suggest that aromatherapy, as a complementary and alternative modality, can help in relieving maternal anxiety and pain during labor. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32874088
32878135	Hydrolyzed Rice Protein-Based Formulas, a Vegetal Alternative in Cow’s Milk Allergy	=	Phobias	Hrpfs now represent, in some countries, a valuable option for feeding infants with cmpa. The legal frame of fsmps regarding both cmpa formulas and the quality of rice proteins allows feeding infants and children without the risk of nutritional deficiency. The low availability of these formulas explains a poor presence in guidelines referring to feeding during cmpa. Based on the current evidence, they seem appropriate to restore a normal growth and may be used as a first choice during cmpa. Evidence is lacking on their long-term use in infants and children, especially for bone mineralization, on their role in the acquisition of tolerance in allergic children, and on their exact place in complex conditions associated with cmpa, such as allergy to hydrolysates and multiple food allergy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32878135
32882361	Potential anti-influenza effective plants used in Turkish folk medicine: A review	+	Skin	This is the first nationwide ethnomedical screening work conducted on flu treatment with plants in turkey. Thirty-nine plants have been confirmed in the recent experimental anti-influenza research, which strongly shows that these plants are a rich pharmacological source. Also, with 189 (84.4%) taxa, detections that have not been investigated yet, they are an essential resource for both national and international pharmacological researchers in terms of new natural medicine searches. Considering that the production of antimalarial drugs and their successful use against covid-19 has begun, this correlation was actually a positive and remarkable piece of data, since there are 15 plants, including centaurea drabifolia subsp. Phlocosa (an endemic taxon), that were found to be used in the treatment of both flu and malaria. Although the first choice for influenza control and reducing the effects of epidemics is a vaccine, it is also known that it is not the fastest and most effective option since modifications in viral proteins require annual adaptation of the influenza vaccine formulation, as noted by. Considering the side effects and complications of antiviral medicines, the search for more effective remedies for fast-spreading pandemic influenza strains continues intensively all over the world today. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32882361
32883047	The Role of Specific Components of a Plant-Based Diet in Management of Dyslipidemia and the Impact on Cardiovascular Risk	+	Finances	This review describes the beneficial effects of specific macro- and micro-components of a plant-based diet (vegetable fats, df, and ps) in the management of dyslipidemia and cvd prevention. Moreover, the role of common plant-based dietary patterns in cv health is discussed. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32883047
32886657	Enabling and constraining successful reablement: Individual and neighbourhood factors	x	Academics + Studying	Using a uniquely comprehensive dataset provided by a uk local authority, this study highlights two major findings. Firstly, we illustrate the underappreciated importance of the socio-geographic environment for recovery and reablement–showing that neighbourhood level variables in terms of the index of multiple deprivation are significantly associated with the chances of reablement success. Secondly, we show the utility of utilising commercial ‘big data’ like mosaic geodemographic typologies for analytical purposes, which may uncover more detailed outcomes than traditional data. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32886657
32893710	Effects of a Vegetarian Diet on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors, Gut Microbiota, and Plasma Metabolome in Subjects With Ischemic Heart Disease: A Randomized, Crossover Study	+	Mental Health + Self Care	The vd in conjunction with optimal medical therapy reduced levels of oxidized ldl‐c, improved cardiometabolic risk factors, and altered the relative abundance of gut microbes and plasma metabolites in patients with ischemic heart disease. Our results suggest that composition of the gut microbiota at baseline may be related to the reduction of oxidized ldl‐c observed with the vd. Our study suggests cardiometabolic benefits of a 4‐week vd compared with an isocaloric md in subjects with ischemic heart diease on optimal medical treatment. The vd reduced levels of oxidized ldl‐c, ldl‐c, tc, and body weight compared with md. The vd intervention also influenced levels of several microbial genera and plasma metabolites known to be linked to metabolic health status, suggesting the role of host‐microbiota cometabolism for benefits of vd in people with ischemic heart diease. The composition of gut microbiota at baseline may have been associated with the lower oxidized ldl‐c seen with the vd, reinforcing the importance of implementing personalized approaches to nutrition in addition to medical treatment, for effective management of cardiovascular disease. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32893710
32896055	What exercise prescription is optimal to improve body composition and cardiorespiratory fitness in adults living with obesity? A network meta‐analysis	+	Fitness	Despite its limitations, this nma provide valuable information for the clinical application of exercise in the management of obesity. In adults with a bmi > 30 kg m−2, exercise, as an isolated intervention, irrespective of its prescription components, has a minimal effect on bw. Given the comparatively limited impact on bw and bmi, more focus should be placed on other anthropometric measures such as wc and %bf and perhaps, even more importantly, the measurement of crf. Based on the most up to date and best available evidence, results from this review suggest the optimal exercise programme to induce the most clinically important changes in wc, %bf and crf in adults living with obesity is a programme of com‐hi. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32896055
32899759	Nurses’ Perspectives on Health Education and Health Literacy of Older Patients	x	Fitness	The results of this study have shed light on the aspects of communication with and education of older patients that healthcare providers need to improve. Older patients’ functional limitations and internalized images of aging and the elderly have prevented them from actively performing healthy, recommended behaviors. Lack of a systemic approach to measure and utilize health literacy information, lack of partnership formation with and assistance specialized for older patients, and time-regulated healthcare delivery, have also built barriers that block both effective patient education and the enhancement of the health literacy of older patients. Motivations for self-care and the encouragement of older patients’ independence are much needed topics for future research. Lastly, assistance and interventions for healthcare professionals who have multiple negative experiences will prevent the amplification of ageism in clinical practice. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32899759
32899917	Preventive Role of Diet Interventions and Dietary Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Umbrella Review	+	Finances	In summary, healthy dietary patterns such as mediterranean, dash, and diet with the low glycemic index, diet interventions including low calorie and low-fat diets, and combined diet and physical activity interventions, and low consumption of red/processed meat, and sugar sweetened beverages significantly decreased the risk of t2dm. These lifestyle modifications should be promoted in both individual and population levels to prevent and decrease the burden of t2dm in the future. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32899917
32906843	Neuroinflammation-Associated Alterations of the Brain as Potential Neural Biomarkers in Anxiety Disorders	i	Diet + Nutrition	Chronic stress may lead to hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis and autonomic nervous system disruption, which in turn may induce systemic proinflammatory conditions. Systemic inflammation leads to neuroinflammation, and enhanced levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines in the brain exert neurotoxic effects on specific brain regions, either directly or secondarily through the kynurenine pathway. This may cause alterations in the structure or function of anxiety-related brain circuits (mainly limbic and pre-frontal structures) priming the brain to be vulnerable to anxiety disorders (figure 1). Further research on the use of inflammatory markers and brain imaging in the early diagnosis of panic disorder, agoraphobia, and generalized anxiety disorder are needed in order to better identify and manage these disorders. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32906843
32910094	Inflammation Mediates Exercise Effects on Fatigue in Patients with Breast Cancer	+	Health	This study is the first showing that supervised rt-hiit partially counteracted the increase in inflammation during chemotherapy, i.e., il-6 and soluble cd8a, which resulted in lower fatigue levels postintervention. Exercise, including both resistance and high-intensity aerobic training, might be put forward as an effective treatment to reduce chemotherapy-induced inflammation and subsequent fatigue. In conclusion, our study shows that chemotherapy induced an inflammatory environment in general. Resistance training and hiit concomitant to chemotherapy are suggested to be effective interventions to reduce chemotherapy-induced inflammation and subsequent fatigue. The beneficial effect of exercise on fatigue seemed to be partially mediated by il-6 and cd8a. Future studies are needed to confirm our findings and to assess the long-term effects of exercise on the inflammatory environment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32910094
32910436	The Skin Microbiome: A New Actor in Inflammatory Acne	i	Skin	In conclusion, our improved understanding of the genetic and phenotypic diversity of c. acnes strains and of the involvement of other bacterial species in acne physiopathology suggests that it may be feasible to develop individualized acne therapies, targeting only the pathogenic strains and leaving the commensal strains intact. Such alternative treatments, involving modifications of the microbiome, may form the next generation of ‘ecobiological’ anti-inflammatory treatments. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32910436
32916907	Effectiveness of Nurse-Led Heart Failure Self-Care Education on Health Outcomes of Heart Failure Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	x	Academics + Studying	Our findings highlight the positive effects of nurse-led heart failure self-care education on clinical outcomes such as readmission and mortality. However, it is not clear whether nurse-led interventions are effective in patient reported quality indicators, including quality of life and disease knowledge. Thus, there is a need for more rcts with longer follow-ups that can have long-term effects and influence on patients’ behavioral changes. Moreover, nurse-led heart failure education programs should be systematically planned prior to hospital discharge, as well as at the time at diagnosis. For improving the effectiveness of nurse-led approaches, the role and responsibilities of nurses in conducting nurse-led heart failure interventions should be explicitly described in each program. Nurse-led education programs should be planned prior to hospital discharge, as well as at the time at diagnosis. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32916907
32946595	Penetration of different molecular weight hydrolysed keratins into hair fibres and their effects on the physical properties of textured hair	+	Sleep	Our data suggest that low‐mw compounds may increase hair volume, and high‐mw peptides may repair damage on freshly relaxed textured hair. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first study that compares the effect of low‐, mid‐ and high‐mw peptides on relaxed hair using the same test conditions. The results from this study show that the high‐mw keratin peptides only penetrated into the surface layers of relaxed textured hair, whereas the mid‐range keratin peptides were able to penetrate deeper into the cortex. However, both the mid‐range and high‐mw keratin peptides were able to improve breakage parameters: increase in break stress and reduce the number of premature fractures. Although fibre dimension measurements suggest significant penetration of the low‐mw keratin peptides and leucine (significantly increased cross‐sectional area of the hair), it appears that these compounds did not have any protein stabilizing effect. Our data, therefore, suggest that low‐mw compounds may have a volume increase effect, and mid‐ and high‐mw peptides may indeed have a damage repair effect on freshly relaxed textured hair. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32946595
32956381	The prevalence of mental illness in refugees and asylum seekers: A systematic review and meta-analysis	i	Skin	This comprehensive review generates current prevalence estimates for not only ptsd but also depression, anxiety, and psychosis. Refugees and asylum seekers have high and persistent rates of ptsd and depression, and the results of this review highlight the need for ongoing, long-term mental health care beyond the initial period of resettlement. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32956381
32965024	Social Isolation and Loneliness Among San Francisco Bay Area Older Adults During the COVID‐19 Shelter‐in‐Place Orders	i	Academics + Studying	Many older adults are adjusting to covid‐19 restrictions since the start of shelter‐in‐place orders. Additional steps are critically needed to address the psychological suffering and unmet medical needs of those with persistent loneliness or barriers to technology‐based social interaction. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32965024
32973688	Hormonal Contraception and Bone Health in Adolescents	i	Skin	The skeletal effects of some forms of hormonal contraception are greater in adolescent females than in mature women. In particular, cocs and dmpa use has been associated with smaller gains or loss of bone mass during this critical period for acquiring bone strength. Data on the skeletal effects of progestin-only contraception including larcs are very limited. Whether the reported changes in bone mineral density or bone turnover markers predict peak bone strength and lifetime fracture risk remains uncertain. More research is needed to address the long-term effects of all forms of hormonal contraception in the adolescent to allow for accurate and informative counseling. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32973688
32985076	A novel skin brightening topical technology	+	Skin	Hexylresorcinol, silymarin, 20% vitamin c, and 5% vitamin e in a proprietary anhydrous vehicle are effective in decreasing uvb‐induced photodamage in skin explants while clinically producing skin brightness improvement. Skin explants treated with the study product for 4 days demonstrated no uvb‐induced changes in pro‐collagen or pro‐inflammatory gene marker expression; in contrast, the skin explants treated with the vehicle demonstrated downregulation of pro‐collagen gene markers and upregulation of pro‐inflammatory gene markers. Hexylresorcinol, silymarin, 20% vitamin c, and 5% vitamin e in a proprietary anhydrous silicone polymer vehicle were effective in producing skin brightening in women of all fitzpatrick skin types. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32985076
32987642	Effects of a Low-Fat Vegan Diet on Gut Microbiota in Overweight Individuals and Relationships with Body Weight, Body Composition, and Insulin Sensitivity. A Randomized Clinical Trial	+	Finances	A shift to a low-fat vegan diet led to an increased relative abundance of faecalibacterium prausnitzii and a smaller decrease, compared to the control group, in the relative abundance of bacteroides fragilis, both of which correlated negatively with changes in body weight, fat mass, and visceral fat volume. Additionally, changes in the relative abundance of bacteroides fragilis correlated positively with changes in insulin sensitivity. Our results suggest that changes in body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity in overweight adults after a low-fat vegan diet are related to changes in gut microbiota composition. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32987642
32989916	Multimodal treatment of persistent postural–perceptual dizziness	+	Skin	Therapeutic principles comprise cognitive–behavioral therapy, vestibular rehabilitation exercises, and serotonergic medication. However, large‐scale, randomized, controlled trials are still missing. Follow‐up observations after multimodal interdisciplinary therapy reveal an improvement in symptoms in most patients with chronic dizziness. The study was not designed to detect diagnosis‐specific effects, but patients with pppd and patients with other vestibular disorders benefit from multimodal therapies. Therapeutic principles to treat pppd comprise cognitive–behavioral therapy, vestibular rehabilitation exercises, and medication (i.e., ssri). Although therapy studies for pppd and pppd‐like disturbances to date have been promising, large‐scale, randomized, controlled trials are still missing. Follow‐up observations of multimodal, interdisciplinary therapy programs that represent a concerted combination of different principles of therapy reveal an improvement in the symptoms of most patients with chronic dizziness. Thus, patients with pppd and patients with other vestibular disorders benefit from these therapies. In our opinion, the concept of pppd is most helpful for patients with chronic dizziness to provide a conceptual backbone for the planning and creation of multidisciplinary therapy programs. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32989916
32996466	Perfectionism, impostor phenomenon, and mental health in medicine: a literature review	i	Diet + Nutrition	Comprehensive changes in medical education that consider the relationship between medical culture, professional identity formation, impostor phenomenon, and perfectionism are needed. Longitudinal studies will help identify the implications of these findings for professional identity formation and medical education. Despite identifying the correlations among perfectionism, ip, and mental health, these characteristics remain understudied among medical personnel, which is evident by the number of studies included in this review. While there are stressors that are inherent to the medical field, certain aspects of the culture that promote these problems can be mitigated or eliminated. The studies included in this review give insight into the aspects that may specifically influence perfectionism and ip. More research is needed in order to design and implement a multifaceted solution to this issue. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32996466
33000465	Tralokinumab for moderate‐to‐severe atopic dermatitis: results from two 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicentre, placebo‐controlled phase III trials (ECZTRA 1 and ECZTRA 2)* 	x	Skin	Tralokinumab monotherapy was superior to placebo at 16 weeks of treatment and was well tolerated up to 52 weeks of treatment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33000465
33000503	Tralokinumab plus topical corticosteroids for the treatment of moderate‐to‐severe atopic dermatitis: results from the double‐blind, randomized, multicentre, placebo‐controlled phase III ECZTRA 3 trial* 	x	Skin	Tralokinumab 300 mg in combination with tcs as needed was effective and well tolerated in patients with moderate‐to‐severe ad. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33000503
33001140	Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib Combined With Topical Corticosteroids for Treatment of Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis	x	Health	A dose of 4 mg of baricitinib in combination with background tcs therapy significantly improved the signs and symptoms of moderate to severe ad, with a safety profile consistent with previous studies of baricitinib in ad. In this randomized clinical trial, treatment with 4 mg of baricitinib in combination with background tcs therapy significantly improved the signs and symptoms of moderate to severe ad in adults compared with placebo, with a rapid onset of action and a safety profile consistent with prior findings from baricitinib clinical development in ad. Baricitinib may represent a potential novel oral treatment option in combination with background tcss for patients with moderate to severe ad. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33001140
33003472	Dietary Strategies for Metabolic Syndrome: A Comprehensive Review	+	Mental Health + Self Care	The protective effects of healthy dietary patterns on mets seem to be due to the sum of small dietary changes rather than the restriction of any single nutrient. On comparing low-fat diets and very-restricted diets, the scientific evidence supports the use of the meddiet intervention as the new paradigm for mets prevention and treatment. The nutritional distribution and quality of the meddiet allows health professionals to provide easy-to-follow dietary advice without the need for a restricted diet. Nonetheless, rcts on the effects of a low-ch meddiet style diet, promoting the intake of whole grain and plant-based protein food sources in patients with mets, are needed to demonstrate the efficacy of this dietary pattern. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33003472
33005346	The effects of competition on fitness depend on the sex of both competitors	x	Hair Care	We show that the sex of the competitor plays an important role in driving sex‐specific responses to competition and that the larger sex, in this case the female, exerts stronger competitive pressure than the smaller sex. We also found that females responded more strongly to the presence of competitor females than males did. Our results indicate that, in addition to sex‐specific responses to resource variability, the sex of the competitor is also an important determinant of fitness traits. The effects observed in our study might be the consequence of a combination between asymmetry in the competitive abilities of males and females, and sex‐specific differences in food requirements. It is less likely, however, that the sex‐specific responses to competitor sex are driven by changes in the motivation of competing individuals due to anticipated future intrasexual competition over reproduction. Our study highlights the importance of considering the sex of competitors in studies of phenotypic responses to competition. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33005346
33010094	Homeopathic Treatment as an Add‐On Therapy May Improve Quality of Life and Prolong Survival in Patients with Non‐Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Prospective, Randomized, Placebo‐Controlled, Double‐Blind, Three‐Arm, Multicenter Study	+	Skin	Qol improved significantly in the homeopathy group compared with placebo. In addition, survival was significantly longer in the homeopathy group versus placebo and control. A higher qol might have contributed to the prolonged survival. The study suggests that homeopathy positively influences not only qol but also survival. Further studies including other tumor entities are warranted. Additive homeopathy significantly improved qol and survival when compared with placebo and control. A higher qol might have contributed to the prolonged survival . 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33010094
33017328	Impact of Training Based on Orem's Theory on Self-Care Agency and Quality of Life in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease	x	Academics + Studying	The training program developed in this study based on orem's scdnt improved self-care agency as well as disease-specific and overall quality of life in patients with cad. Nurses should pay attention to the cad-related educational level of patients when teaching them how to live with their disease. Moreover, nurses should use orem's scdnt to strengthen the self-care agency of these patients to increase quality of life and the effectiveness of related education efforts. Finally, medical institutions and governments should develop appropriate education policies for patients at risk of cad and for those with cad. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33017328
33026634	An Updated Systematic Review of Cost-Effectiveness Analyses of Drugs for Osteoporosis	x	Skin	This updated review provides an overview of recently published cost-effectiveness analyses. In comparison with a previous review, recent economic evaluations of anti-osteoporosis drugs were conducted in more countries and included more active drugs and sequential therapy as interventions/comparators. The updated economic evidence could help decision makers prioritize health interventions and the unmet/unreported quality issues indicated by the osteoporosis-specific guideline could be useful in improving the transparency, quality, and comparability of future economic evaluations in osteoporosis. In comparison with evaluations listed in a previous review, recent economic evaluations were conducted in more countries, and included more active drugs and sequential therapy as comparators. A comparison between studies remains difficult. In total, this updated review included 27 studies on the cost effectiveness of drugs for osteoporosis, suggesting that some active interventions (denosumab, zoledronic acid, gastro-resistant risedronate, or teriparatide) were cost effective or dominant when compared with oral bisphosphates. However, given the limited number of studies on the cost-effectiveness of sequential therapy that have been conducted so far, further research would be needed to investigate adequate evidence of the beneficial effect of this new form of intervention over single anti-osteoporosis interventions alone. In addition, the results of a quality appraisal indicate that greater adherence to the osteoporosis-specific guideline is expected to improve the transparency, quality, and comparability of future studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33026634
33029528	Effectiveness of Low-Frequency Stimulation in Proprioceptive Neuromuscular Facilitation Techniques for Post Ankle Sprain Balance and Proprioception in Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial	+	Fitness	The present study showed that a 12-session treatment program, spread over 3 weeks, triceps sural muscle pnf stretching combined with tens triggered muscle contraction during the muscle contraction phase of the pnf stretch, compared against pnf stretching, produced significant improvements in balance, proprioception, strength, and range of motion, while also yielding reducing pain for post ankle sprain subjects. It was also demonstrated that the treatment effect was sustained even after cessation of treatment to the follow-up assessment in the 5th week. For this reason, this treatment procedure will likely be helpful in rehabilitating post ankle sprain patients by improving overall function and helping build confidence in capacity for physical activity. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33029528
33035373	Comparison of influenza type A and B with COVID‐19: A global systematic review and meta‐analysis on clinical, laboratory and radiographic findings	i	Skin	The results showed that despite the development of respiratory disease and similar transmission methods, covid‐19 and influenza had many differences in terms of involvement and severity of the pulmonary injury, mortality rate, laboratory finding and clinical symptoms. Due to the high transmissibility and the lack of effective medication or vaccine for covid‐19, timely detection of this viral infection and distinguishing from influenza are very important. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33035373
33036170	Diet and Healthy Lifestyle in the Management of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus	+	Finances	A summary of the above recommendations is found in table 6. all women with gdm should be offered dietary advice by a clinical dietitian, as dietary counselling the cornerstone in the treatment of gdm. Knowledge of the impact of diet on blood glucose is of great importance in preventing complications, such as birth complications, caesarean section, lga-babies, and type 2 diabetes, later in life. The woman should receive guidance on how to construct a varied diet and how to avoid hyperglycaemia. Particular efforts should focus on carbohydrate intake as both type, amount and distribution of carbohydrate are of major importance for the postprandial blood glucose. In general, the same recommendations for minerals and vitamins apply to women with gdm as in ngtp. In addition, physical activity of moderate intensity for at least 30 min daily or 150 min weekly should be encouraged, as this may contribute to improved glycaemic control. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33036170
33046850	Myocarditis and inflammatory cardiomyopathy: current evidence and future directions	x	Skin	Myocarditis and inflammatory cardiomyopathy were first defined in the early 1900s. Since then, milestone discoveries (including the technique of emb, the invention of pcr and the development of cardiac mri) and consensus statements have led to a refined definition of myocarditis and inflammatory cardiomyopathy, with the latest major update published in 2013 (ref.). This timeline renders the field of myocarditis and inflammatory cardiomyopathy as a fairly young area in cardiology. Entering the 2020s, gaps remain in our understanding of the pathogenesis of, and the diagnostic and therapeutic options for, myocarditis and inflammatory cardiomyopathy. The availability of novel sophisticated techniques, emerging and existing (repurposed) therapies, computational modelling and novel insights will help address these knowledge gaps in the near future. Specific diagnostic approaches for different clinical scenarios will help improve the subclassification of patients with inflammatory cardiomyopathy, and improve the common terminology in a field that is not completely univocal. Finally, the efficacy of many existing, repurposed or emerging therapies needs to be evaluated in large, controlled, randomized trials to facilitate the development of aetiology-based therapies (fig. 7). 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33046850
33050442	Benefits of Physiotherapy on Urinary Incontinence in High-Performance Female Athletes. Meta-Analysis	+	Fitness	There is pelvic floor dysfunction in high-performance athletes associated with athletic activity urinary incontinence. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33050442
33054814	Tanshinone IIA attenuates neuroinflammation via inhibiting RAGE/NF-κB signaling pathway in vivo and in vitro	x	Fitness	Taken together, the present results indicated that tan iia improves cognitive decline and neuroinflammation partly via inhibiting rage/nf-κb signaling pathway in vivo and in vitro. Thus, tan iia might be a promising therapeutic drug for halting and preventing ad progression. In summary, the present study demonstrated that tan iia ameliorated the neuropathologies including synaptic and neuronal loss, gliosis, neuroinflammatory responses, and aβ deposition, accompanied by an improved spatial cognitive function. Furthermore, the in vitro evidence showed that tan iia reduced the pro-inflammatory cytokines production by suppressing the rage/nf-κb signaling pathway. Thus, this study indicated that tan iia may provide a novel therapeutic approach to prevent cognitive decline and neuroinflammation in ad. The promising results obtained in this work need to be complemented with human studies to further investigate the potential application of tan iia in preventing ad progression. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33054814
33064601	Retrieval Practice and Word Learning in Children With Specific Language Impairment and Their Typically Developing Peers	+	Fitness	Future efforts are warranted to refine and extend the experiments reviewed here. If these efforts prove successful, procedures that incorporate repeated spaced retrieval into more naturalistic clinical and educational activities might be an appropriate next step. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33064601
33068776	GLP-1 receptor agonists in the treatment of type 2 diabetes – state-of-the-art	x	Mental Health + Self Care	At present, glp-1 ras are injected twice daily (exenatide b.i.d.) All glp-1 ras share common mechanisms of action: augmentation of hyperglycemia-induced insulin secretion, suppression of glucagon secretion at hyper- or euglycemia, deceleration of gastric emptying preventing large post-meal glycemic increments, and a reduction in calorie intake and body weight. Short-acting agents (exenatide b.i.d. Lixisenatide) have reduced effectiveness on overnight and fasting plasma glucose, but maintain their effect on gastric emptying during long-term treatment. Long-acting glp-1 ras (liraglutide, once-weekly exenatide, dulaglutide, albiglutide, and semaglutide) have more profound effects on overnight and fasting plasma glucose and hba1c, both on a background of oral glucose-lowering agents and in combination with basal insulin. Given a similar, if not superior, effectiveness for hba1c reduction with additional weight reduction and no intrinsic risk of hypoglycemic episodes, glp-1ras are recommended as the preferred first injectable glucose-lowering therapy for type 2 diabetes, even before insulin treatment. More recently developed agents, in particular semaglutide, are characterized by greater efficacy with respect to lowering plasma glucose as well as body weight. Since sodium/glucose cotransporter-2 (sglt-2) inhibitor treatment reduces cv events as well (with the effect mainly driven by a reduction in heart failure complications), the individual risk of ischemic or heart failure complications should guide the choice of treatment. Other active research areas in the field of glp-1 ras are the definition of subgroups within the type 2 diabetes population who particularly benefit from treatment with glp-1 ras. These include pharmacogenomic approaches and the characterization of non-responders. Novel indications for glp-1 ras outside type 2 diabetes, such as type 1 diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, and psoriasis, are being explored. Thus, within 15 years of their initial introduction, glp-1 ras have become a well-established class of glucose-lowering agents that has the potential for further development and growing impact for treating type 2 diabetes and potentially other diseases. Clinical research conducted over the past 30 years has established glp-1 ras as a widely recommended class of glucose-lowering agents. The best representatives of this class are capable of lowering plasma glucose comparable to insulin regimens, but with a lower risk of hypoglycemia and the added benefit of weight loss. The ability to prevent cv events in high-risk patients has re-emphasized the particular benefits that glp-1 ras may generate in type 2 diabetes therapy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33068776
33076887	Understanding physical literacy in the context of health: a rapid scoping review	+	Fitness	Despite growing popularity, the empirical evidence base linking physical literacy and health outcomes is limited and the relationship remains theoretical. Physical literacy may present a novel and holistic framework for health-enhancing physical activity interventions that consider factors vital to sustained participation in physical activity across the life course. Future work should continue to explore the nature and direction of the relationship between physical activity and physical literacy to identify appropriate focused approaches for health promotion. This review advances understanding of the concept of physical literacy as it relates to health and the health care setting. Although there are emerging efforts to understand measurement of each individual domain of physical literacy, the utilization of this concept in the context of health is not well established or understood in the academic literature. The nature and direction of the relationship between physical literacy, physical activity, and health requires further exploration with consideration of the theoretical underpinnings of physical literacy as a holistic concept. This work is needed to clarify the role of physical literacy as a catalyst for promoting physical activity, decreasing the burden of disease, and increasing health and well-being. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33076887
33081276	Misalignment of Stakeholder Incentives in the Opioid Crisis	x	Hair Care	Our review sheds light on a body of literature suggesting several factors that can stir misaligned incentives between various stakeholders in the opioid epidemic. We further summarize these factors by whether or not a patient has been diagnosed with oud/sud yet. Along with potential challenges, we also address opportunities and strategies that have been shown to be successful in contributing to mitigating the epidemic. Of note, gaps still exist in thoroughly understanding how aligning incentives between stakeholders can help in mitigating this epidemic at full capacity. Future research is needed to further explore the impacts of factors discussed in this review from multiple, and perhaps conflicting, levels (e.g., risk of oud/sud versus risk of under-treated pain or risk of using opioids versus that of using fentanyl). To this end, we provided a few research directions that could be worth further investigation and knowledge production. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33081276
33083643	Nutrition in Cancer: Evidence and Equality	+	Finances	Given the importance of nutrition as an emerging hallmark of cancer, further research must be aimed at directing the optimal nutrition strategy throughout oncologic treatments, including the supplementation of nutritious foods to those that are otherwise unable to attain them population-based analyses demonstrate that many cancers are significantly associated with lifestyle factors and a number of cases may be prevented with adequate nutrition alone. Epidemiologic studies, although plagued with confounding variables, suggest that some dietary strategies may be helpful in both the prevention and treatment of cancer. However, prospective, dietary intervention studies are required to establish specific nutritional guidelines. These strategies may include caloric or dietary restriction aimed at enhancing antitumor effects while recognizing that patients have to be appropriately selected given the risk of cachexia and malnutrition commonly found at the time of diagnosis. Other dietary strategies involve decreasing cardiovascular and metabolic comorbidities in cancer survivors, in part by eating healthy, nutritious meals. Optimal dietary interventions may decrease both morbidity and mortality in patients with cancer before, during, and after definitive therapy. Low-income patients with poor access to nutritional foods, such as those who reside in fpas, may have the most to gain from such approaches. Future studies should not only focus on optimizing oncologic dietary strategies, but also elucidate the impact of poor access to food on cancer incidence, outcomes, and morbidity. Such research will allow for optimal nutritional strategies to all patients with cancer, particularly those at risk for suboptimal care. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33083643
33113900	The Crossover Effects of Supervisors’ Workaholism on Subordinates’ Turnover Intention: The Mediating Role of Two Types of Job Demands and Emotional Exhaustion	+	Skin	We have attempted to broaden the literature on workaholism by examining the effects of supervisors’ workaholism on subordinates’ work attitudes and behaviors. Our results revealed that supervisors’ workaholism affects subordinates’ turnover intention through their increased emotional exhaustion. Furthermore, by utilizing the jd-r model of burnout and cor theory, the underlying mechanisms of its indirect effects were explored in this study. Our results revealed that both perceived workload and interpersonal conflict fully mediate the association between supervisors’ workaholism and subordinates’ emotional exhaustion. In turn, increased emotional exhaustion leads to turnover intention. This study contributes to the literature by extending workaholism research from the self- to other-perspective. Furthermore, implicit assumptions of the effects of workaholism on others were investigated empirically. This study also has several practical implications. Hr managers could reduce employees’ turnover intention through organizational interventions such as coaching and counseling programs on leadership and job crafting. Finally, future research based on diverse samples that employ longitudinal designs are required to generalize the results. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33113900
33114306	Impact of Job Insecurity on Hotel Workers’ Workaholism and Work–Family Conflict in Korea	i	Skin	Based on our results, it can be concluded that with the changes to the landscape of the labor market, the idea of lifetime employment has become outdated. Workers now live in a new era where they may be laid off at any moment. This is true not just for hotel workers but also for workers in other industries, and companies should develop a solution for alleviating their employees’ anxiety about job insecurity. As evidenced by the findings of this study, job insecurity is deemed to have a negative impact throughout workers’ lives because it has a direct effect on workaholism, which ultimately results in an unstable work and home lives. As such, hotels should improve working conditions and propose solutions, such as the moderation of their workloads, for preventing their workers from becoming workaholics. In particular, hotel business managers should minimize workers’ job-insecurity-induced compulsive drive to work by devising strategies for minimizing their workers’ workloads. They should also enable workers to perform their jobs autonomously. As family conflict has a direct relationship with life satisfaction, hotel managers should devise a solution that allows rewards and incentives to directly benefit their workers’ family members as well. This study presents theoretical and practical implications for human resource management by clarifying the relationship between job insecurity, workaholism and work–family conflict of hotel employees who are vulnerable to changes in external and internal environment. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33114306
33115894	Effects of bright light therapy for depression during pregnancy: a randomised, double-blind controlled trial	+	Skin	Depressive symptoms of pregnant women with depression improved in both treatment arms. More research is necessary to determine whether these responses represent true treatment effects, non-specific treatment responses, placebo effects or a combination hereof. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33115894
33124984	Effects of a Mobile and Web App (Thought Spot) on Mental Health Help-Seeking Among College and University Students: Randomized Controlled Trial	x	Academics + Studying	Prompting postsecondary students about mental health and help-seeking appears to increase help-seeking intentions. Mhealth interventions may be as effective as information pamphlets in increasing formal help-seeking but may confer a small advantage in driving help-seeking from informal sources. Although there is enthusiasm, developers and health policy experts should exercise caution and thoroughly evaluate these types of digital tools. Future studies should explore the cost-effectiveness of digital interventions and develop strategies for improving their efficacy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33124984
33140593	Coping with Dementia in the Middle of the COVID-19 Pandemic	x	Skin	The neurological complications of sars-cov-2 are similar to those attributed to earlier coronavirus epidemics, such as sars in 2003, and mers in 2012. however, the covid-19 pandemic has already exceeded the overall totals of people infected with previous coronaviruses and is still not under control in many countries. Therefore, covid-19-related neurological complications for dementia patients must be examined. Long term follow-up studies will be needed to understand the effects of covid-19 on the incidence or prevalence of dementia. Also, well-designed large cohort studies to examine the effectiveness of therapeutic strategies on people with cognitive impairment are necessary in the near future. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33140593
33143104	Toxorhynchites Species: A Review of Current Knowledge	x	Academics + Studying	The need to develop safe, sustainable and environmentally friendly control strategies is key to controlling the spread of mosquito-borne diseases. Previous studies have produced mixed results in favor of the use of toxorhynchites as a biological control agent and there is still much to be done to understand their capacity to sustainably prevent outbreaks of disease through the control of medically important vector populations in field situations. While it is clear that toxorhynchites are not a universal solution, under the correct conditions they have been shown to be very effective. However, more work is required to fully recognize how their use can be optimized, particularly in urban situations. In order to establish a sustainable and effective biological control program, it is important to fully understand the biology of both the control agent as well as the target species. It is vital that the appropriate species of toxorhynchites is identified, as not only will it need to establish itself successfully within the same environment, but it must also have a preference for the consumption of the target population. This can only be achieved through filling in the blanks that exist in our understanding of predator–prey relationships, oviposition cues, nectar sources and population dynamics of toxorhynchites. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33143104
33153151	Study on the Synthesis of Castor Oil-Based Plasticizer and the Properties of Plasticized Nitrile Rubber	x	Sleep	Five new environment-friendly plasticizers were synthesized using castor oil as raw material. The synthetic plasticizers were used to plasticize nbr and then compared to commercial plasticizer dop. The mechanical properties of the vulcanizates illustrated that tensile strength, elongation at break, and tear strength of the nbr vulcanizates plasticized by castor oil-based plasticizers were all found to be improved, when compared to dop. The aging test demonstrated that the castor oil-based plasticizer could improve the hot air and oil aging resistance of nbr vulcanizates. Thermal stability tests showed that castor oil-based plasticizers enhanced the thermal stability of nbr vulcanizates, and their initial decomposition temperature t10% was about 100 °c higher than that of dop. In summary, eaco and ebco had better physical, mechanical, and aging resistance properties, and they can replace dop in plasticizing nbr in fields that require high mechanical properties, aging resistance, and thermal stability. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33153151
33154647	Integration of Physical Activity in Reablement for Community Dwelling Older Adults: A Systematic Scoping Review	=	Academics + Studying	There is limited evidence of how pa is integrated and targeted to older adults’ individual needs and preferences in a reablement setting. The feasibility and effectiveness of pa interventions, as well as experiences or barriers related to pa in a reablement setting, should be further investigated. There is limited evidence of how pa is integrated in reablement, including how pa strategies are targeted to older adults’ individual needs and preferences in a reablement setting. Also, there is a lack of understanding concerning the knowledge and competencies that are required by hcps in order to facilitate pa among older adults receiving reablement. While pa levels are known to be highly related to older adults’ physical fitness and function in other settings, there is limited evidence regarding how reablement influences pa levels and physical fitness. None of the reablement studies reported measures that informed (changes of) pa levels during reablement. Although some measures of physical fitness were reported, the use of measurement instruments between studies were inconsistent and it should be further considered which instruments are most appropriate in a reablement setting. Further research is needed to explore how pa should be integrated in reablement and how it should be prioritized among other intervention components included in reablement. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33154647
33156156	Mindfulness and Behavior Change	+	Skin	A growing evidence base supports the benefits of mindfulness for behavior change. A mindful self-regulation model based on an integration of neuroscientific findings describes the complex and synergistic effects of attention/cognitive control, emotion regulation, and self-related processes, as well as motivation and learning mechanisms that may provide a unique pathway toward sustainable behavior change. While evidence supports the impact of mindfulness on behavior change for key health behaviors related to psychiatric practice, more high-quality research is needed, especially with objective measures, larger samples, replication studies, active controls, and formal monitoring of adverse events. The field will also benefit from additional research on the impact of integrating compassion practices and from a focus on trauma-sensitive adaptations for diverse populations. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33156156
33176811	The effect of exercise on anxiety in the elderly worldwide: a systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Skin	Results of this study indicates that sport significantly reduces anxiety in the elderly. Therefore, a regular exercise program can be considered as a part of the elderly care program. Results of this study showed that sport significantly reduces anxiety in the elderly. Therefore, a regular exercise plan can be considered as a part of the elderly care program. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33176811
33184777	A Comprehensive Review of Alternative Therapies for the Management of Chronic Pain Patients: Acupuncture, Tai Chi, Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine, and Chiropractic Care	+	Fitness	Chronic pain is an issue that affects millions of patients daily. Current treatments usually include pharmacologic therapies, most notably opioid therapy. With the current crisis surrounding opioid use and increases in opioid-related deaths in the us, there is a clear need for alternative treatment of chronic pain. Other modalities for treating chronic pain include therapies such as acupuncture, tai chi, omt, and chiropractic care, which were all evaluated in this review as alternative and holistic approaches to managing chronic pain. Acupuncture was shown to be effective in reducing chronic low back pain and pregnancy-related pain. However, they were ultimately inconclusive in their use for migraines and crps. Tai chi, similarly, was shown to be useful in chronic low back pain, specifically in the older population. However, it was ineffective for ms-related pain and ptsd. Omt was shown to be useful in management of low back pain but not for migraine. Chiropractic manipulation was not shown to be effective in management of low back pain, migraine, or neck pain. Overall, the evidence for these alternative therapies in the management of chronic pain is mixed. While there is some evidence to claim that specific therapies can be effective for specific types of pain (for example, acupuncture for low back pain), there was also evidence available to refute that claim. At this point in time we cannot conclude that alternative therapies are a replacement for pharmaceutical management of chronic pain. However, they may play a role as adjuvant therapies that can potentially reduce a patient’s overall opioid need. Additional longitudinal studies are needed to evaluate the role of alternative therapies in the context of chronic pain management. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33184777
33193982	The association of leadership styles and nurses well-being: a cross-sectional study in healthcare settings	x	Skin	This study highlights the existence of a positive effect of leadership styles in the wellbeing of nurses, and confirms that nursing management has been identified as a challenge in the lebanese hospitals. In summary, in this cross-sectional study, the wellbeing of nurses was positively associated with transformational and transactional leadership style adopted by their managers, and confirms that nursing management has been identified as a challenge in the lebanese hospitals. Although, maintaining and strengthening well-being of nurses at work is important, nurses´ perspectives must be denoted at the highest levels of hospital leadership and incorporated into hospital decision making. The disparity between government and private health care settings, and females and male leadership continues to be an issue of debate and warrants more in-depth investigation. By training and rewarding managers to adopt transformational leadership behaviours, nursing leaders in hospital settings can improve the quality of life and the satisfaction at work for all nurses, and encourage nurses to remain active in lebanon. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33193982
33194381	Effects of different drying methods on smears of canine blood and effusion fluid	x	Procrastination	The results (1) indicate that different drying methods had a significant effect, (2) support using a hair dryer without heat for both blood smears and effusion fluid smears, and (3) discourage using a 58 °c heat block. To our knowledge, this is the first published report of controlled study of the effects of different drying methods on results of microscopic examination of blood smears and direct smears of pleural or peritoneal effusion fluid. The null hypothesis was that using a hair dryer or heat block does not introduce any detectable artifact compared to air-drying. Despite limitations in sample number and composition, species, and study design, the results enabled rejection of that hypothesis. For blood smears, several comparisons showed more adverse effects on morphology using the heat block method than for one or more other drying methods. For effusion fluid smears, rbcs dried with the heat block or air-dry methods had poorer morphology than rbcs dried by the hair dryer method without heat. Based on the cumulative findings, we recommend use of a hair dryer without heat method for both blood smears and effusion fluid smears, and against the use of a 58 °c heat block. A larger scale study would be required to test the reproducibility of our findings, to more robustly test for differences between drying methods, and to evaluate the effects of different drying methods on other sample types and samples from other species. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33194381
33205450	Case report and systematic review suggest that children may experience similar long‐term effects to adults after clinical COVID‐19	i	Health	Children may experience similar long covid symptoms to adults and females may be more affected. This case report on five children and the accompanying systematic review add to the growing evidence that long covid may potentially occur also in children and that it can be very debilitating and lead to long school absences. The symptoms that were reported by the children's parents were similar to those reported by studies of adults with long covid. The case report and the growing number of parents that have made contact suggest that females may be more prone to developing long covid, as seen in adult studies. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33205450
33209031	Therapeutic Strategies for Mitigating Driving Risk in Patients with Narcolepsy	i	Diet + Nutrition	Narcolepsy is a chronic cns hypersomnia causing significant impairment in multiple aspects of life including driving performance. The disorder often arises in the adolescent and young adult years, when most people are beginning to drive. Patients with narcolepsy are at higher risk of sleep-related accidents than the normal population due to the propensity for sleep attacks, sleep paralysis, and cataplexy. Given the morbidity and mortality associated with drowsy driving, which kills over 6000 people per year in the united states, and the high risk of narcolepsy patients for sleep-related accidents, strategies to evaluate and modify driving risk are of high importance. There are no established guidelines for determining appropriateness for driving in treated narcolepsy patients; additionally, many providers may not be aware of mandated reporting requirements in their region. When evaluating driving risk, the use of the mwt may be the most commonly used objective measure of alertness. Although caution should be used in applying mwt as a predictive measure for driving performance or risk, it can help establish the ability of the narcolepsy patient to resist sleep propensity. Use of the mwt should especially be considered for new or young drivers, patients with residual sleepiness, and those with prior history of fall-asleep crashes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33209031
33217053	Effect of face mask on skin characteristics changes during the COVID‐19 pandemic	i	Skin	Mask‐wearing conditions and time can change several skin characteristics. In particular, it is revealed that the perioral area could be most affected. In this study, we identified that wearing a mask may cause skin changes. Skin temperature and sebum increased on the cheeks, perioral area, and chin. Skin redness of the cheeks also increased. Alternatively, skin hydration of perioral area decreased. In particular, there was a significant difference after mask‐wearing in skin temperature, redness, and hydration compared with the non–mask‐wearing area. The effect of mask‐wearing on skin hydration was more visible on the perioral area. Importantly, we studied the dermatologic effects of wearing a mask on various skin characteristics across a 6‐hour duration. Our results show that skin changes may occur from wearing of a mask, which can occur after a relatively short amount of time. Wearing a mask during the covid‐19 pandemic is essential, but at the same time preparing for expected skin changes is also important for skin health. In this respect, our findings suggest the skin covered with the face mask need to be treated extra carefully due to certain changes of skin characteristics. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33217053
33223728	Jugaad: An indi-genius problem-solving approach	+	Academics + Studying	Jugaad, though an innovative and indigenous problem-solving method, is sometimes undermined by safety and legal considerations. However, jugaad has managed to catch worldwide attention for its merit and has prompted many manufacturers toward low-cost innovations, customer-centric flexible approaches, and frugal, creative breakthroughs. It carries the potential for the world, especially for developing countries and marginalized populations. As a way of thinking and problem solving, jugaad is here to stay. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33223728
33224046	How Study Environments Foster Academic Procrastination: Overview and Recommendations	+	Diet + Nutrition	Given the high prevalence estimates of procrastination among students, a closer look at procrastination-friendly factors in the academic environment is clearly warranted. The present paper identifies nine such factors and provides suggestions on how they may be changed in order to understand, prevent, and reduce academic procrastination. Clearly, more research is needed in this area, both with regard to the factors themselves (how many are they?) As well as to their interplay and relative importance. Given the potential beneficial effects for students, institutions, and society, we conclude that researchers should pay increased attention to social, cultural, organizational, and contextual factors in their endeavors to understand academic procrastination. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33224046
33224416	Ibuprofen versus paracetamol for treating fever in preschool children in Nigeria: a randomized clinical trial of effectiveness and safety	+	Health	Ibuprofen is more effective in the treating fever in under-fives compared to paracetamol. The adverse events of both drugs were mild and comparable. The mean temperature reduction of a single dose of ibuprofen at 10mg/kg was significantly better than that of paracetamol at a 15mg/kg between the 2.0 hours and 4.5 hours post administration of the medications. The proportion of afebrile children at the half-hourly time points was significantly higher in the ibuprofen than paracetamol group between 1.5 hours and 2.5 hours of administration of the drugs. Both drugs were associated with mild adverse events which were of similar profile. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33224416
33228601	Physical therapy interventions for older people with vertigo, dizziness and balance disorders addressing mobility and participation: a systematic review	=	Skin	To treat older individuals with vdb, vr in any variation and in addition to crms seems to be effective. High-quality randomized trials need to be conducted to inform clinical decision making. Vestibular rehabilitation in any variation seems to be effective in treating older adults with vdb. The same applied to vr in addition to crms. Tai chi and manual therapy did not show any additional benefit in comparison to usual care in an older population. Overall, quality of evidence is rather low, especially in regard to bias. Many physical therapy intervention studies focus on surrogate markers, such as specific postural or muscle functions than on patient relevant outcomes that reflect mobility and participation. In addition, there is a lack of transparent reporting of pt interventions as complex interventions what makes it hard to implement findings into day to day care. High-quality randomized trials need to be carried out in future to inform clinical decision making for the highly vulnerable group of older patients with vdb. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33228601
33230689	Nightmare Disorder and Isolated Sleep Paralysis	+	Diet + Nutrition	The rem parasomnias nightmare disorder and recurrent isolated sleep paralysis can be a cause of significant distress. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33230689
33234881	Probiotics for the Prevention of Antibiotic-associated Diarrhea in Adults	+	Health	This updated meta-analysis suggested that using probiotics as early as possible during antibiotic therapy has a positive and safe effect on preventing aad in adults. Further studies should focus on the optimal dosage and duration of probiotics to develop a specific recommendation. Our meta-analysis suggested that during antibiotic treatment, taking probiotics as early as possible has a positive and safe effect on preventing antibiotic-related diarrhea in adults. However, further studies should focus on the optimal dosage and duration of probiotics and pay attention to the strain specificity to develop a specific recommendation. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33234881
33246466	3D printed complete removable dental prostheses: a narrative review	x	Hair Care	Initial studies on digital dentures have shown promising short-term clinical performance, positive patient-related results and reasonable cost-effectiveness. 3d printing has potential to modernize and streamline the denture fabrication techniques, materials and workflows. However, more research is required on the existing and developing materials and printers to allow for advancement and increase its application in removable prosthodontics. Current innovations and developments in digital dentistry have successfully led to the fabrication of removable dental prostheses using cad/cam technologies. 3d printing has the potential to modernize and streamline the denture fabrication techniques, materials and workflows. Current limitations include elimination of try-in appointment without reliable virtual esthetic evaluation, lack of retention with printed polymers requiring reline for clinical acceptability, inability to balanced occlusion that may compromise denture stability or potentially affect bone resorption and long-term color instability that leads to esthetic deterioration. Presently recommended usages for 3d printed complete dentures are interim or immediate dentures as well as custom tray or record base fabrication for conventional workflows. Well-designed clinical studies are needed to scientifically prove the claimed advantages of this technology. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33246466
33250011	Characteristics of social media ‘detoxification’ in university students	=	Finances	Problematic use of social media is present in the sample of university students who responded to the survey. ‘social media detox’ is a term many understood to be an intentional interruption of this use with the aim of improving mental wellbeing and functionality. A smaller but significant number engaged in this process of interruption with wide variation in implementation. It is unclear whether perceived short-term benefits persisted beyond the immediate aftermath. Larger studies are required to ascertain the prevalence of ‘social media detox’ in the wider population and to establish it as further element of a dependency that may be specific to social media use beyond internet addiction. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33250011
33250800	Emotion Regulation Difficulties and Academic Procrastination	+	Diet + Nutrition	The present study aimed to examine the role of difficulty in emotion regulation in the context of procrastination. Results revealed that procrastination is associated with difficulty in emotion regulation, especially individuals’ subjective appraisals about their ability to modify the situation. This finding is in line with models that consider emotion regulation as self-regulation failure in procrastination. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33250800
33252690	Effect of a Low-Fat Vegan Diet on Body Weight, Insulin Sensitivity, Postprandial Metabolism, and Intramyocellular and Hepatocellular Lipid Levels in Overweight Adults	+	Finances	A low-fat plant-based dietary intervention reduces body weight by reducing energy intake and increasing postprandial metabolism. The changes are associated with reductions in hepatocellular and intramyocellular fat and increased insulin sensitivity. This randomized clinical trial found that a low-fat plant-based dietary intervention reduces body weight by reducing energy intake and increasing postprandial metabolism, apparently owing to increased insulin sensitivity resulting from reduced hepatocellular and intramyocellular fat. This intervention may be an effective treatment for overweight adults. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33252690
33256071	Evaluation of Reablement Home Care: Effects on Care Attendants, Care Recipients, and Family Caregivers	x	Academics + Studying	This study provides evidence regarding the establishment and evaluation of an rhc model for older adults with disabilities. We suggest that additional research on the reablement care model should be developed to further support its effects. If additional evidence in support of reablement care is accumulated, then the rhc model could be incentivized in the payment system to encourage the provision of hc quality in long-term care policy. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33256071
33257645	Effect of the ketogenic diet on glycemic control, insulin resistance, and lipid metabolism in patients with T2DM: a systematic review and meta-analysis	+	Finances	Kd not only has a therapeutic effect on glycemic and lipid control among patients with t2dm but also significantly contributes to their weight loss. Based on a meta-analysis that systematically reviewed 13 relevant studies, we found that ketogenic diet can not only control fasting blood glucose and reduce glycosylated hemoglobin, but also improve lipid metabolism. Additionally, ketogenic diet can reduce bmi and body weight. Therefore, ketogenic diet may be used as part of the integrated management of type 2 diabetes. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33257645
33263726	Multimodal Machine Learning Workflows for Prediction of Psychosis in Patients With Clinical High-Risk Syndromes and Recent-Onset Depression	x	Hair Care	These findings suggest that psychosis transition can be predicted in a broader risk spectrum by sequentially integrating algorithms’ and clinicians’ risk estimates. For clinical translation, the proposed workflow should undergo large-scale international validation. In this prognostic study, we identified generalizable risk assessment tools that can be arranged into a multimodal prognostic workflow for a clinically viable, individualized prediction of psychosis in patients with chr states and rod. Our study showed for the first time, to our knowledge, that the augmentation of human prognostic abilities with algorithmic pattern recognition improves prognostic accuracy to margins that likely justify the clinical implementation of cybernetic decision-support tools. New international collaborations, such as the harmony (harmonization of at risk multisite observational networks for youth) initiative, may help to propel a reciprocal and iterative process of clinical validation and refinement of these prognostic tools in real-world early recognition services. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33263726
33289311	Pharmacological and non‐pharmacological interventions to enhance sleep in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review	=	Diet + Nutrition	In the specific population of mci and mild ad there is a relative paucity of evidence available in supporting efficacious interventions for sleep disturbance, nonetheless positive outcomes have been reported. Psychotherapeutic approaches utilising adapted cbt, melatonin, suvorexant and cpap for osa all hold promise. Acoustic stimulation and transcranial stimulation significantly affect specific micro‐architectural characteristics of nrem sleep, the long‐term cognitive and disease modifying effects of which can be theorised but are not known. In our opinion, given the wide health risks of osa, screening should become routine in memory clinics. Despite behavioural interventions often being low cost and non‐toxic, we found remarkably little work in this domain. This review identifies a significant need to explore multiple, alternative sleep interventions through high quality, comparison experimental studies utilising validated sleep outcome measures. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33289311
33291329	Diet Advice for Crohn’s Disease: FODMAP and Beyond	+	Finances	We found significant evidence demonstrating that an lfd has a favorable impact on gastrointestinal symptoms in cd patients. Notwithstanding the evidence, it remains to be established whether an lfd is more efficient than other types of diets in the short term and especially in the long term. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33291329
33313967	Mechanisms of Allergen Immunotherapy in Allergic Rhinitis	x	Skin	A comprehensive understanding of these mechanisms is necessary for optimal selection of ait-responsive patients and monitoring treatment efficacy. Moreover, it could inspire novel and more efficient ait approaches. Ar is a serious health problem, affecting the quality of life of a vast proportion of the world’s population. Patients that do not respond to conventional anti-allergic medication can benefit from ait which induces lasting clinical benefit post treatment cessation. Currently, there is a need for biomarkers to optimally select potentially responsive patients and monitoring the efficacy of the treatment. An in-depth understanding of both allergic inflammation and mechanisms of immunotherapy informs potential candidates for monitoring these parameters. Following nasal allergen challenge, ec-derived cytokines prime the development of pro-allergic dc2 and th2 phenotypes. In the early phase, basophils and mast cells release their mediators upon surface ige cross-linking by the allergen. These mediators recruit late phase effector th2 cells which promote local eosinophilia. Scit and slit for perennial and seasonal allergens dampen both innate and adaptive immune responses. Following ait, reduced local infiltration of basophils, mast cells, eosinophils as well as their corresponding mediators is observed. Breg and treg-derived il-10 prompts b cells isotype switch and subsequent igg4 production. Informed by these mechanisms, current candidate biomarkers for monitoring ait efficacy are classified into domains of sige, sigg4, serum inhibitory activity, chemokines and cytokines, basophil activation, cellular changes, and in vivo biomarkers. However, there is no biomarker for monitoring clinical benefit on an individual patient level to date. Further studies need to be conducted to identify and confirm biomarkers, suitable for ait efficacy monitoring and recognizing potential responders and non-responders. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33313967
33317019	The Effect of Low-Fat and Low-Carbohydrate Diets on Weight Loss and Lipid Levels: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	=	Skin	In conclusion, our meta-analysis found higher levels of weight loss for up to 1 year in participants on a low-carbohydrate diet compared to those on a low-fat diet, with an improved hdl profile, and improved tg profile; yet, less favourable changes in ldl and total cholesterol levels. The benefits of the low-carbohydrate diet on weight loss in the short-term must be balanced with potential consequences of raised ldl and total cholesterol in the long-term. None of the studies examined long-term clinical end-points such as cardiovascular disease or mortality. Dietary interventions and nutritional care are important as they integrate the social, physical, and mental well-being of the patient. Further emphasis should be placed on conducting long-term (>12 months) high-quality dietary rcts, while providing information on food intake, calories, macronutrients, as well as physical activity to allow for better characterisation of the interaction of nutrition with obesity and cardiovascular health. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33317019
33328999	Comparative Efficacy of Pharmacological and Nonpharmacological Interventions for Acne Vulgaris: A Network Meta-Analysis	+	Skin	For mild to moderate acne, we found tr+bpo appeared to be the best option, followed by ta+bpo. Ta+bpo+cp and ta+tr were another two good options for noninflammatory lesions and led was good for inflammatory lesions. For adverse effects, all the combinations involved with oa showed more risks than others. Due to the limitations, the evidence of this study should be cautiously used. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33328999
33329267	Using Ambient Scent to Enhance Well-Being in the Multisensory Built Environment	=	Skin	Although typically neglected, given our visually dominant nature (see, for a review), there is a growing realization that the smells that are associated with our predominantly indoor existence may be having a significant impact on our mood and well-being (see, for reviews). This goes together with an emerging realization that the sense of smell is more important to human well-being than has been suggested by many scientists over the last century. Oftentimes, the focus with research on ambient smell’s influence on well-being tends to be on the negative impact when considering phenomena such as sbs. At the same time, however, the emerging evidence also highlights the potentially positive impact that pleasant ambient scents can have on our social, emotional, and cognitive well-being, at least if managed appropriately. Scents, very often those associated with flowers, herbs, and spices, and other plants can be used to help us relax and sleep better at night, while making us more alert and productive during the day (see, for a review). At the same time, however, it is worth reiterating cautionary note that fragrance-evoked mood changes tend to be small, and that the stress-reducing response of fragrance in humans may be difficult to measure in those individuals who are not stressed to begin with. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33329267
33343147	Pranayamas and Their Neurophysiological Effects	+	Fitness	In-depth studies focusing on specific aspects of the practices such as retentions, prolonged expiration, attention on fluid respiration, and abdominal/thoracic respiration should better elucidate the effects of yogic breathing techniques (ybt). Yoga-based respiratory techniques are millenary practices, and quite widespread through oral and written tradition until present days. However, much yet has to be done for a better scientific understanding of their effects on the human brain. In-depth studies focusing on specific aspects of the practices such as retentions, prolonged expiration, attention on fluid respiration, and abdominal/thoracic respiration should better elucidate the effects of ybt. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33343147
33343803	Liproxstatin-1 Protects Hair Cell-Like HEI-OC1 Cells and Cochlear Hair Cells against Neomycin Ototoxicity	x	Hair Care	In summary, our findings revealed that lip-1 protected hair cells from aminoglycoside-induced ototoxic damage by inhibition of ferroptosis in a cultured hei-oc1 cell line and in a neonatal mouse cochlear explant model. Our findings therefore suggest that ferroptosis inhibition might have clinical applications for the attenuation of aminoglycoside-induced hearing loss. Further studies extending these findings to in vivo mouse models utilizing multiple ototoxic agents are required to advance ferroptosis inhibitor as a potential otoprotectant in patients. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33343803
33348571	Botulinum Toxin in the Treatment of Headache	x	Health	It has been over ten years since obta was approved for therapy of chronic migraine, and its off-label use goes back much further. Given its mechanism of action, it is unlikely to be displaced to a major extent by the new monoclonal antibodies directed against cgrp or its receptor. If new types of bts are discovered or created with retained effects on pain nerve fibers but without effects on motor nerve fibers, the use of bts for chronic migraine might well increase. Many patients with chronic migraine do not respond adequately to any one current therapy. All current treatment modalities and new ones are badly needed to reduce migraine-related disability. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33348571
33359798	The effects of plyometric jump training on physical fitness attributes in basketball players: A meta-analysis	+	Fitness	Data from 32 studies (28 of which demonstrate moderate-to-high methodological quality) indicate pjt improves muscle power, linear sprint speed, change-of-direction speed, balance, and muscle strength in basketball players independent of sex, age, or pjt program variables. However, the beneficial effects of pjt as measured by horizontal jump distance, linear sprint time >10 m, and change-of-direction performance time ≤40 m, appear to be more evident among older basketball players. Pjt improves various physical fitness attributes (muscle power, linear and change-of-direction sprint speed, balance, and muscle strength) in basketball players, independent of sex, age, or pjt program variables. However, it seems that older players are more responsive than younger players are to the beneficial effects of pjt on certain physical fitness variables, including horizontal jump distance, linear sprint time across distances >10 m, and change-of-direction performance time across distances of ≤40 m. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33359798
33362312	Furloughing* 	i	Academics + Studying	In this paper, we exploit survey data from the uk to document differences in furloughing under the coronavirus job retention scheme across job and individual characteristics. We show that, while a significant proportion of workers in our sample are currently on furlough, there are large differences in the use of the furloughing scheme across industries and occupations. Further, we document that women, younger workers, and workers with alternative work arrangements have been more likely to be put on furlough. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33362312
33367907	Psychological and Behavioral Impact of Lockdown and Quarantine Measures for COVID-19 Pandemic on Children, Adolescents and Caregivers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	i	Diet + Nutrition	Anxiety, depression, irritability, boredom, inattention and fear of covid-19 are predominant new-onset psychological problems in children during the covid-19 pandemic. Children with pre-existing behavioral problems like autism and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder have a high probability of worsening of their behavioral symptoms. Anxiety, depression, irritability, boredom, inattention and fear of covid-19 are predominant new-onset psychological problems in children during the covid-19 pandemic and while confined in quarantine. Children with pre-existing behavioral problems like autism and adhd have a high probability for worsening of their behavioral symptoms. To mitigate this far-reaching and significant negative impact on the psychological wellbeing of children, multifaceted age and developmentally appropriate strategies are required to be adopted by health care authorities. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33367907
33367925	OPTIMAL DURATION OF STRETCHING EXERCISE IN PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC MYOFASCIAL PAIN SYNDROME: A RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIAL	+	Fitness	Stretching cervical muscles involved in chronic myofascial pain syndrome for 30 s was optimal in achieving stretching benefits and minimizing the negative effects on the neural function of the involved nerve roots and central nervous system. This study showed that stretching the cervical muscles involved in cmps for 30 s was optimal in achieving stretching benefits and minimizing the negative effects on the neural function of the involved nerve roots and central nervous system. A longer duration of stretching had a negative effect on the neurophysiology variables of the nerves involved in the muscles stretched. These results should assist in optimizing the stretching time of involved tissues in order to achieve the well-established goals from stretching, while avoiding any negative effects on neural function. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33367925
33380700	Nutritional rickets & osteomalacia: A practical approach to management	i	Finances	Vitamin d and/or dietary calcium deficiency remains the leading cause of nutritional rickets worldwide. Life-threatening complications of nutritional rickets are entirely preventable through supplementation of high risk groups, especially pregnant women and infants in the short term and food fortification strategies in the long term. New evidence clearly demonstrates that food fortification works and is not just cost-effective, but cost saving. We call for developing countries to urgently adopt this approach. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33380700
32599716	Effects of Creatine Supplementation during Resistance Training Sessions in Physically Active Young Adults	+	Health	Creatine ingestion during resistance training sessions is a safe and effective strategy to increase muscle strength and endurance in physically active young adults. However, it is unknown whether intra-workout creatine supplementation is more beneficial than consuming creatine at other times of the day during a resistance training program. Future research should determine the effects of the timing of creatine supplementation on muscle mass and performance in a large cohort of physically active young adults. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32599716
32607093	Herbal Medicines in Glaucoma Treatment	=	Health	Gbe and bilberry have been studied for glaucoma treatment due to their potential as neuroprotective agents. Both are attractive candidates as they are affordable, readily available, and relatively safe. However, the evidence surrounding their efficacy is conflicting. Their effects on glaucomatous vf change are still inconclusive. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32607093
32607303	Telogen Effluvium: A Review of the Literature	i	Sleep	A thorough history, clinical examination, and laboratory investigations can aid in the diagnosis of telogen effluvium. Acute telogen effluvium can usually be resolved by removing the underlying causative factors. However, the treatment of chronic telogen effluvium can be challenging for physicians. A few treatment options are available, but standard guidelines for therapy, frequency, and dosage of drugs need to be established. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32607303
32612315	Retirement and Healthy Eating† 	=	Academics + Studying	In this paper, we investigate the causal link between retirement and eating habits using individual panel data covering a number of continental european countries. Retirement is a major individual decision that is highly influenced by public policy – for instance, public pension eligibility rules, which have changed over the years across different european countries for both men and women. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32612315
32625136	Dynamic Language Network in Early and Late Cantonese–Mandarin Bilinguals	i	Fitness	In this study, we analyzed the dynamic properties of the language network in early and late bilinguals. We found that early bilinguals had significantly higher dynamic functional connectivity between the ifg and the mtg than late bilinguals. Compared to late bilinguals, early bilinguals displayed a higher clustering coefficient and global and local efficiency in state 1 and state 3, but a lower characteristic path length in state 2. our result suggested the aoa-l2 is one factor affecting the dynamic properties of the language network in bilinguals. These findings may provide a dynamic perspective for understanding the neural mechanism regarding different experiences of l2 acquisition. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32625136
32638533	Role of the oral microbiota in cancer evolution and progression	i	Health	The concept of microbiota‐associated cancer is currently a hot topic with great attention from microbiome researchers and tumor researchers. Oral cavity serves as one of the largest microbial storage in human body and the microbial variations in the oral cavity might be highly linked with malignancies. From clinical information and basic research, some evidence about oral microbiota and carcinogenesis has been discovered. However, further studies are still necessary for an accurate and complete understanding of this relationship. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32638533
32640608	Impact of a Ketogenic Diet on Metabolic Parameters in Patients with Obesity or Overweight and with or without Type 2 Diabetes: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials	+	Finances	A ketogenic diet was more effective in improving weight control and metabolic parameters related to glycemic and lipid controls in patients with overweight or obesity, especially those with preexisting t2dm, as compared to low-fat based comparator diets. Its effects on other risk markers, such as blood pressure, crp and scr were comparable to those of low-fat diets. Further studies are warranted to determine the long-term sustainability of a ketogenic diet and its effects on the more clinically important endpoints such as obesity-related morbidity and mortality. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32640608
32645830	Randomized Clinical Trial: The Effect of Exercise of the Intrinsic Muscle on Foot Pronation	+	Fitness	The results of this research indicate that, in the sample of asymptomatic subjects who carried out the sfe, a statistically significant difference was not shown in foot pronation via the fpi and nd when compared to the control group, neither pre-intervention nor post-intervention. Nevertheless, a tendency to a more neutral index value of foot posture and a lower index of nd of all subjects in this study was noted. Therefore, the sfe could be considered a useful tool to deal with pathologies whose etiology includes an excessive pronation of the foot. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32645830
32661839	The Effects of Menstrual Cycle Phase on Exercise Performance in Eumenorrheic Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis	+	Health	The results from this systematic review and meta-analysis indicate that exercise performance might be trivially reduced during the early follicular phase of the mc, compared to all other phases. Due to the trivial effect size, the large between-study variation and the number of poor-quality studies included in this review, general guidelines on exercise performance across the mc cannot be formed; rather, it is recommended that a personalised approach should be taken based on each individual's response to exercise performance across the mc. This is the first systematic review with meta-analysis to examine the effect of mc phase on exercise performance in eumenorrheic women. These data provide new information that exercise performance might on average be reduced by a trivial amount during the early follicular phase of the mc, compared with all other mc phases. The current meta-analysis also identified large between-study variance in the effect of the mc on exercise performance. This might have been influenced by a range of methodological factors and small participant numbers (average n = 14) as well as associated high sampling variance. Participant characteristics, such as training history, might also have contributed to the large between-study variance observed. From a practical perspective, as the effects tended to be trivial and variable between studies, the implications of these findings are likely to be so small as to be meaningless for most of the population. These trivial effects might, however, be of greater relevance to elite athletes, where the difference between winning and losing is marginal. Specifically, we recommend that practitioners working with elite sportswomen need to consider the mc and be aware of the potential times across the cycle whereby exercise performance might be reduced (early follicular phase) or enhanced (all other mc phases), but this approach should be tailored to, and informed by, the individual athlete. In the future, it would be interesting to identify which factors might cause some women to experience reduced performance during the early follicular phase of the mc when compared with all other mc phases, and identify strategies to monitor these effects. Therefore, future studies need to improve methodological quality (e.g., appropriate biochemical outcomes to confirm mc phase) and limit confounders to facilitate a deeper understanding of the effects of the mc on exercise performance in individuals. 	https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32661839
